The 2011 College World Series In Photos

June 30, 2011By Sean Stireswww.simplesharebuttons.com A Look Back At The Action In Omaha….

The 2011 College World Series is in the books. South Carolina is again the national champion, giving the SEC three consecutive championships.

Collegebaseball360.com was lucky enough to have two photographers in Omaha during the CWS. Omaha’s Kirk Markus was there for nearly every game, while Dave Wolpert, who brought us action from the ACC during the regular season and ACC Tournament, was there for the CWS Finals as well.

For even more CWS photos visit our CB360 Shutterfly site.

____________________________________________________________________________________________

The Dugout is located across the street from TD Ameritrade Park!

Find everything you could possibly want in officially licensed College World Series gear at The Dugout – your one stop for the most officially licensed 2011 College World Series apparel!

The Dugout, located right across the street from the Road To Omaha statue outside TD Ameritrade Stadium. If you can’t make it to Omaha, simply follow this link to Dugouthats.com. You’ll save 20% on your order when you enter the coupon code CB360!

Fireworks lit-up the downtown Omaha sky the night before the CWS began (Markus).

Vanderbilt's Connor Harrell is congratulated by his teammates after hitting the first of his CWS leading two HR in the opener vs. North Carolina (Markus).

South Carolina's Michael Roth put his left shoulder on ice after the first of his three CWS starts (Markus).

First round MLB Draft pick Sonny Gray was the starting pitcher in Vanderbilt's first ever game at the College World Series (Markus).

Florida head coach Kevin O'Sullivan pleads his case after what should have been a home run for Brian Johnson was ruled a double (Markus).

Umpires got together, but the double call would stand (Markus).

Texas first round draft pick Taylor Jungmann suffered his third straight NCAA Tournament loss in the Longhorns' loss to Florida (Markus).

Eventual CWS Most Outstanding Player, Scott Wingo, gave the South Carolina a walk-off win vs. Texas A&M (Markus).

Texas A&M pitcher Nick Fleece gave-up Wingo's hit (Markus).

Wingo celebrates with his teammates after his game winning hit (Markus).

Erik Johnson started Cal's first game in Omaha since 1992 as the Golden Bears advanced to the CWS less than nine months after they thought their program would be eliminated (Markus).

A shot from the outfield at the new TD Ameritrade Park (Markus).

Augie Garrido is a regular in Omaha, but his Longhorns were the first team to go packing with an 0-2 CWS record (Markus).

A North Carolina mound conference during the Tar Heels' elimination game loss to Vanderbilt (Markus)

Vanderbilt head coach Tim Corbin does his ESPN in-game interview with Kyle Peterson (Markus).

Danny Hulzten started twice on the mound for Virginia, but he was also the Cavalier DH (Markus).

Virginia head coach Brian O'Connor, who has been to Omaha as a player, assistant coach and now twice as a head coach, talks to ESPN's Jenn Brown (Markus).

Whether it's Rosenblatt or TD Ameritrade, beach balls will always find their way on the CWS Field (Markus).

Jackie Bradley, Jr. runs the bases in South Carolina's win over Virginia (Markus).

North Carolina players with their rally caps on during their second loss to Vanderbilt (Markus)

Tar Heel Chaz Frank tries to no avail to bring back a home run ball vs. Vandy (Markus).

Cal players share hugs at the end of their up and down season that ended in Omaha (Markus).

Cal head coach David Esquer, the National Coach of the Year, does his ESPN interview with Kyle Peterson (Markus).

Virginia pitcher Tyler Wilson prepares to exit after helping the Cavs beat Cal in their elimination game (Markus).

Cal players make the long walk up the tunnel after their final CWS game (Markus).

Virginia's Chris Taylor slides safely across first base as South Carolina's Christian Walker goes high to make the catch and Cavalier assistant Eddie Smith looks on (Markus).

Virginia leftfielder John Barr makes a spectacular catch vs. South Carolina (Markus).

South Carolina closer Matt Price pitched 5 2/3 innings of intense relief in the 13 inning win over Virginia (Markus).

Virginia closer Branden Kline prepares to start his 5 inning relief outing in the 13 inning marathon (Markus).

Gamecock rally caps are on during the 13 inning game (Markus).

An overthrown ball at third base allowed South Carolina to score the winning run vs. Virginia and advance to the CWS Finals (Markus).

Florida head coach Kevin O'Sullivan takes batting practice before the start of the CWS Finals.

Florida's Tyler Thompson scored the first run of the CWS Finals on a sacrifice fly (Markus).

Florida's Hudson Randall started game one of the CWS Finals (Wolpert).

Cody Dent is out at the plate after a tag by Robert Beary (Markus).

Gamecocks closer Matt Price celebrates his 19th save in game one of the CWS Finals (Wolpert).

SEC Player of the Year Mike Zunino connects on his 19th home run in the CWS Finals game two (Markus).

John Taylor delivers a pitch in his nation-leading 50th relief appearance of the season (Markus).

South Carolina celebrates a second straight national championship (Wolpert).

(Wolpert photo)





Tag Archives: golfweek

Mirabel Ranked No. 1 Private Golf Club by AZ Golf Insider Magazine

AZ Golf Insider Magazine has ranked Mirabel Golf Club in North Scottsdale the best private golf club in Arizona.

“Mirabel is exceedingly pleased to have been ranked as the best private golf club in Arizona, especially knowing those who responded to the poll were largely members of other private clubs and/or guests of our own members,” says Michael Ryan, the general manager at Mirabel.

Earlier this year, members of the Arizona Golf Association took part in a survey to choose the top 10 public and private clubs out of the of the state’s more than 350 courses. In addition to being chosen as the No. 1 private course, Mirabel scored high marks when it came to questions about its clubhouse, dining, pro shop, individual holes and best overall experience.

“Our Tom Fazio-designed course, spectacular setting and high level of service sets us apart from other clubs,” Ryan says. “We pride ourselves on making member satisfaction our No. 1 priority and think we really go above and beyond to ensure Mirabel is a wonderful experience for our members and guests.”

Mirabel has been regularly recognized by Golfweek, GOLF Magazine and The Arizona Republic as among the best private golf clubs in the U.S.

“With the Arizona Golf Association representing a broad spectrum of the golfing population, what this award from that affinity group means to me is that recognition for the Mirabel Experience has transcended the boundaries of a private club and now exists within Arizona golf as a whole,” Ryan says.

The member owned and controlled club recently voted to lower the total number of golf memberships from 350 to 275 and social memberships from 125 to 50. Property ownership within the community is not required for membership, but those interested should act quickly. Membership is “invitation only.”

For more information on Mirabel, visit mirabelmembership.com.

Mirabel Golf Club

37100 N. Mirabel Club Dr., Scottsdale

mirabelmembership.com

POSTED: December 21, 2012. TAGS: arizona golf association, az golf insider, GOLF Magazine, golfweek, Mirabel, tom fazio	Golfweek Honors 7 OB Sports-Managed Courses

Golfweek honors seven golf courses at six golf facilities managed by Scottsdale-based OB Sports Golf Management in the 2012 Golfweek’s Best Course list: State by State. Longbow Golf Club, The Oaks Golf Club, Sandia Golf Club, Tetherow, Three Crowns Golf Club and We-Ko-Pa Golf Club (Saguaro and Cholla) all earned rankings in their respective states. We-Ko-Pa’s Saguaro Course also was included in Golfweek’s “Modern” ranking which lists the top 100 courses designed after 1960.

“Congratulations to all the people at the clubs who have worked so hard to create the type of golf experience that is not only recognized by golfers but by industry-leading publication like Golfweek as well,” said Phil Green, chief operating officer of OB Sports Golf Management. “The courses that were honored have made the list from several years, with a few moving up a notch or two. That’s a good indication of the staff’s ongoing dedication and commitment to excellence. Thank you all for making this happen.”

The annual ranking lists the top public-access golf clubs in each state. Of the hundreds of eligible courses within each state, only a few clubs make the list. Course-ranking panelists apply the following criteria when considering each golf course: 1) ease and intimacy of routing, the extent to which the sequence of holes follows natural contours and unfolds in an unforced manner; 2) variety and memorability of par 3s, 4s and 5s, different clubs hit, extent to which the angles of play create interesting and varied playing options, and extent to which holes offer variety of options from the tee and on the second shot; 3) basic quality of conditioning, variety of playing textures, extent of turf coverage, consistency and quality of bunker sand; 4) walk-in-the-park test, degree to which the course ultimately is worth spending a half-day on.

Of the hundreds of public-access golf clubs in Arizona considered for the list, only 25 were chosen, and Mesa’s Longbow Golf Club placed 19th. This is the fourth consecutive year (and fifth time in last six years) that Longbow made the list. Longbow Golf Club and Business Park is a 330-acre, mixed-use commercial development that incorporates office, light industrial, retail and hotel uses surrounded by desert vegetation and a main street transportation design and features the award-winning Longbow Golf Club. Longbow Golf Club features a 7,032-yard Ken Kavanaugh-designed golf course that was also ranked as one of the “Top 100 Resort Courses in The Country” by Golfweek magazine for 2009. Daedalus Real Estate Advisors, LLC is a Phoenix-based commercial real estate services company that provides investment, development and communications consulting to corporate real estate clients in Arizona and the Southwest. For more information about Longbow Golf Club visit www.longbowgolf.com, call 480.807.5400 or become a fan of Longbow on Facebook at www.facebook.com/longbowgolfclub, or follow Longbow on Twitter at www.twitter.com/longbowgolfclub.

POSTED: April 24, 2012. TAGS: golf clubs, golf courses, golf management, golfweek, longbow golf club, OB Sports, phil green, sandia, tetherow, three crowns, we ko pa	Your Name*





OC’s Engh Featured on Golf Channel

Posted on 11/17/2011 by DispatchAdmin	OCEAN CITY- Ocean City’s own Fred Engh, founder and president of the National Alliance for Youth Sports (NAYS) and long-time youth sports advocate, was featured this week on the “Golf Central” program on the Golf Channel.

The “Golf Central” piece traced Engh’s remarkable journey from his youth in Ocean City to his being the only white golfer on his team at the historically black Maryland State College, now UMES, in the 1960s, to the foundation and oversight of NAYS and its international division, which has been advocating the power of youth sports since 1981.

The Golf Channel piece, which aired on Monday, also spotlighted the “Hook a Kid on Golf” program, which Engh created in 1990. The program is recognized as one of the nation’s most comprehensive junior golf development programs. Since its inception, the program has introduced golf to more than 75,000 young players around the world who might otherwise would never have the opportunity to swing a club or participate in the program’s fun and innovative formats.

Golf has been a passion for Engh since he first began playing as a youth in Ocean City and later helped Maryland State College to win the Central Intercollegiate Athletic Association (CIAA) conference title in 1961 along with a National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (NAIA) district title.

“Golf Central” staffers conducted extensive interviews with Engh this summer in Ocean City prior to the annual Sammy Wilkinson Memorial Golf Tournament, named for Engh’s late grandson. The Wilkinson and Engh families started the Sammy Wilkinson Foundation and its Global Gear program under the umbrella of Fred Engh’s successful NAYS program.

The show also explores how those early experiences helped shape Engh’s tireless efforts these days to help ensure that children have positive and rewarding experiences in all sports. Engh created the International Alliance for Youth Sports (IAYS), a division of NAYS, nearly a decade ago to help impact the lives of children in poverty-stricken regions of the world. Today the organization partners with The Peace Corps worldwide. He was named one of the 100 Most Influential Sports Educators in America by the Institute for International Sport in 2007.





Kids Club - JV Team Three Signees Commit to Huskers in 2013-14

Women's tennis coaches Scott Jacobson and Hayden Perez acquire three signees for 2013-14 season. Photo Courtesy BreAnna Haessler/NU Media Relations

The Huskers lose four senior players concluding the 2013 season but have high hopes of continued excellence for the future with three signees joining the Nebraska ranks in the 2013-14 season. These additions come in the form of Brittany Brewster, Mary Hanna, and Katerina Matysova. A five star recruit from Saline, Mich., Hanna is expected to be a solid player for the Huskers. Hanna has achieved a ranking as high as fifth in the Midwest as well as being the No. 6 overall recruit from the Midwest. Hanna emerged victorious in doubles at the Midwest Open this year as well as contending as a finalist in doubles at the Midwest Closed in 2011. Hanna boasts first team all-state for three years heading into her senior year of high school tennis. Brewster, hailing from Austin, Texas, plays for Lake Travis High School where she's claimed various achievements and titles at the 4A level. Among Brewster's accolades are singles District, Regional, and State champion leading her team to be District and Regional Champions and second place at State. Beyond her high school play, Brewster is a USTA National Girl's 16s Doubles Champion, 18s Doubles second place finisher, and 18s Singles fourth place finalist on the way to a USTA Junior Tennis 18s Team National Champions finish this year. Brewster is a member of the Fed Cup Team, a Prince Cup Team Champion, and the CATA Female Player of the Year. Brewster is a five time recipient of the Nancy Jeffett Sportsmanship Award. Brewster is also as dedicated off the court achieving Academic All-District honors. Matysova, an international signee from Erding, Germany, has been successful on the court from a young age. Matysova won a Regional Championship Under 21 at the tender age of 13 going on to reach her highest TE U16 ranking of No. 11 at the age of 14. In January 2011, Matysova won an ITF tournament in Poland. Matysova's highest national ranking at No. 97 in her 2011-12 season. Matysova attained her highest ITF ranking in 2011 at No. 384. Assistant Coach Hayden Perez looks optimistically foward to the recruits joining Nebraska, believing they will all be huge contributions to the team.

"We are very excited about this year's signees," Coach Perez said, "each individual will be a great fit for our program. Brittany, Mary, and Katerina all have the character and values that we look for in future Huskers and they will all make an immediate impact on the team. It will be an honor for Coach Jacobson and I to work with them and I know our current team members will welcome them with open arms! Go Big Red!"

More From HUSKERS WOMEN'S TENNIS





Players Week 5 Press Conference

Seniors Ja'Wuan James, Dontavis Sapp and Marlon Walls Spoke to the Media on Monday

SENIOR OFFENSIVE LINEMAN Ja'Wuan James

(On continuing to increase offensive tempo)

"The next step is just working. We've got to keep working at it. We've been in the system since this spring, so we've got to put a lot of work into it. Right now our offense isn't doing a great job. We're not doing a good job at all. That starts with leaders. As a senior, I've got to make sure that I direct guys in the right direction and lead as I can, so that we can help the defense out."

(On the offensive line matching up against Florida)

"I think that was probably the best D-line in the country. I feel like we battled. It was a battle, one of those SEC battles. In certain areas, they got us, and in certain areas, we got them, so I think it went back and forth throughout the day."

(On play where line didn't move)

"We're taught that if the guy jumps offside, you've got to snap it, and as an offensive line, you don't move at all. That's what Coach (Mike) Bajakian teaches us because they don't want any confusion between the refs on who caused the neutral zone infraction. We're taught to not move until the quarterback gets done and tells us `Chill, chill, chill."

(On Justin Worley's response to playing after being benched)

"I feel like he did well. He remained the same as he always has been even at the start of the game. When we were huddled on the sideline, he was encouraging us by saying let's go. In pre game, when he knew he wasn't starting, he was coming up to the line saying protect them. When he got in the game, he took control of his opportunity, and I feel like he played very well."

(On playing at Coach Jones' tempo)

"As an offensive line, our job is to protect whoever is behind us and play to the best of our abilities. We have to block, and we have to move just as fast."

(On recapping the Rajion Neal fumble)

"That was miscommunication. Guys were getting wrong signals from the sidelines, but things like that can be fixed. It was a bad mistake to have, especially in the red zone. It can definitely be fixed."

(On missing the block that led to the fumble)

"It was two different calls. The receivers had one call, the running backs had another call, and they gave the offensive line a different call. Everyone was doing different things."

(On noticing Nathan Peterman's injury)

"I didn't know he was hurt at first. I know he told me after the game that he was feeling kind of hurt after losing the ball, and the defensive lineman caught it. He didn't show any signs of it."

(On Nathan Peterman being able to bounce back)

"I talked to him on the bus ride, and I let him know that you are going to make mistakes. You can't let one game define your whole career. He is only a freshman, and I had to play as a freshman too. I let him know that you will get a lot of criticism, especially from guys in the media and stuff like that. I told him to put your head down and keep working, and when the opportunity comes again just be ready."

(On safeties blitzing more)

"It is tough. We don't have guys yet who have proven they can be playmakers. Everyone is watching our film and saying how can we defend them. If they don't see any playmakers, they feel like they can play man to man across the board at each position, and they bring those safeties up to make it harder for us to run. We need someone to definitely step up as a playmaker so people will respect our passing game."

RS SENIOR DEFENSIVE LINEMAN Marlon Walls

(On Devaun Swafford interception and Jeff Driskel Injury)

"It was a play where I was just trying to get to the quarterback and affect him anyway I can. Unfortunately, I landed on his leg, and I didn't even notice it until he went down and started screaming. Really, it was just a bang-bang play. I was just out there playing football, and I didn't intend to hurt anybody. It was just a football play, and I've already reached out to him (Driskel) to let him know `get better.' It was just a football play, trying to make a play for my defense."

(On reaching out to Driskel)

"I sent him a message on Twitter just saying `I know what kind of competitor you are. I know you'll compete and come back even better.'"

(On Corey Vereen Saturday)

"he is explosive. We kind of questioned how explosive he would be after the knee injury, but he got it back. It is exciting to see because we could always use another pass rusher. i am looking forward to watching him this week. He has been progressing really well. He got his speed back, and that is something we could use on the defensive line."

(On his improved play)

"Coach Strip (Stripling) does a great job of teaching us that as a defensive line, we control the line of scrimmage by penetrating. I think we're finally starting to get it. We can really impact the defense by getting up the field and causing havoc in the backfield. We're really starting to take heed of what he's telling us to do and we're just trying to get more penetration."

(On if Florida game being one of the best of his career)

"I think so. It's kind of a bittersweet deal because we still got the loss and all of that doesn't even matter any more. I think Coach Strip is doing a great job of teaching. I think I'm getting better just by listening to what he's telling me to do, and I fell like I'm starting to progress a little bit just by listening to him."

(On troubles with third-down defense)

"I know for me, I saw the film yesterday, and I feel like on third down, we were really close to getting to the quarterback or even just getting in his way, so I think that as a defensive line, we need to learn how to finish the play as opposed to getting there and slowing down a little bit. I think we've just got to learn how to finish. Those little plays, we can really impact them by getting in his way, throwing our hands up in front of his face. As a D-line, that's something we need to get better at on 3rd down, just penetrating the quarterback."

SENIOR LINEBACKER Dontavis Sapp

(On improvements on defense)

"We have definitely seen improvements. We had a bad loss at Oregon. We came out last week and fought like we will always do. We came back to work that week and kept grinding. We kept communicating and emphasizing the things that we needed to do, and we got it done. I saw no quit in the defense. We kept going till the last play. I definitely saw improvement."

(On creating turnovers by getting penetration)

"Of course, it was Florida week, and you want that game. We knew it was our job to get a little penetration and help this defense out, so we really took heed to that. Before the game, we emphasized that, get off the field."

"When the play presents itself, we've got to make it. Keep communicating well, and pretty much we've just got to make the play when the time comes." Football Home





2000 Dallas Cowboys season

This article does not cite any references or sources. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (February 2012)

Dave Campo

4th NFC East

did not qualify

Pro Bowlers

The 2000 Dallas Cowboys season would mark their 41st in the NFL and Cowboys owner Jerry Jones would promote the team's long-time defensive coordinator, Dave Campo to be the fifth head coach of the Dallas Cowboys. This was also Troy Aikman's last season with the team.

2.3 Roster

The loss of star wide receiver Michael Irvin to retirement led Jerry Jones to trade the team's first round pick in the 2000 draft and the 2001 draft to the Seattle Seahawks for wide receiver Joey Galloway. Pro Bowl cornerback Deion Sanders would also be released after five seasons with the team. He would later sign with NFC East division rival, the Washington Redskins.

After a lackluster draft which saw the team draft three cornerbacks to replace the departure of star cornerback Deion Sanders, the Dave Campo head coaching era would have an inauspicious start with an embarrassing blow-out defeat to the Philadelphia Eagles at home (in which the Eagles recovered an onsides kick on the opening kickoff). The loss would prove to be even more costly as quarterback Troy Aikman would suffer a serious concussion early in the game and newly acquired wide receiver Joey Galloway would suffer a season-ending injury in the fourth quarter.

New faces like veteran quarterback Randall Cunningham and wide receiver James McKnight would fill in on offense under new offensive coordinator Jack Reilly. On defense, the loss of both starting cornerbacks in the off-season required the addition of veterans Phillipi Sparks and Ryan McNeil. Combined with perennial Pro Bowl safety Darren Woodson, the Cowboys fielded one of the NFL's best secondaries. Unfortunately, a leaky run defense and an inconsistent, aging offense would lead to a 5–11 record.

In a blow-out loss to the San Francisco 49ers, then controversial 49ers wide receiver Terrell Owens would cause an uproar by celebrating a touchdown on the large Cowboys star at midfield in Texas Stadium, prompting anger and resentment off the field. This prompted a retaliation by running back Emmitt Smith with a famous "Defend the Star" kneel down celebration of his own on the star. When Owens scored his second touchdown and promptly celebrated in midfield once more, then-safety George Teague knocked Owens off and a short brawl ensued on the field. Ironically, Owens would become a Cowboy later on in his career.

Emmitt Smith's tenth consecutive 1,000 yard season(an NFL record), along with a season sweep of the rival Washington Redskins would prove to be the only highlights in an otherwise disappointing season.

The Cowboys finished 31st in the league in run defense that season, allowing 164.8 yards per game and 4.9 yards per carry.

Notable additions to the team include future starting cornerback Mario Edwards, as well as Dwayne Goodrich. Goodrich would gain notoriety after being involved in a hit run which resulted in the deaths of two people. He was subsequently convicted of vehicular manslaughter.

at Arizona Cardinals

at Washington Redskins





VIDEO: World Peace Causes World Of Pain With Elbow To Opponent's Head By Mark Memmott

Apr 23, 2012 ShareTwitter Facebook Google+ Email The NBA's Ron Artest changed his name to Metta World Peace last year. But the player known for being at the center of a 2004 brawl in the stands at the Palace of Auburn Hills in Michigan showed Sunday that his new name doesn't mean he's changed all his wild ways. World Peace, who plays for the Los Angeles Lakers, was ejected from a game against Oklahoma City after bashing the Thunder's James Harden in the side of his head with an elbow. Harden may have suffered a concussion. World Peace will likely be hit with a multi-games suspension. World Peace apologized after the game, and said it was an "unintentional elbow."Copyright 2013 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/. View the discussion thread. © 2015 Tri States Public Radio





Anchorage considers bid for 2026 Winter Olympics

ANCHORAGE, Alaska (AP) — Alaska’s largest city began considering Tuesday whether to mount another bid for the Winter Olympics after narrowly losing efforts to host the 1992 and 1994 games.

A 23-member exploratory committee, which includes four Alaska Olympians, met for the first time to delve into the finances and mechanics of pursuing the 2026 Winter Olympics.

Among the members was cross-country skier Holly Brooks, who texted into the meeting while training on a glacier.

“We still feel, in fact more confidently than ever, that Anchorage has the capability, the facilities and most of all, the spirit and the willingness to be the host city,” Anchorage Mayor Dan Sullivan said at the meeting.

After losing its first bid for the 1992 games to Albertville, France, Anchorage came in third for the ’94 games, held in Lillehammer, Norway.

The most recent Winter Olympics held in the U.S. were staged in Salt Lake City in 2002.

To lend credence to a possible bid for the 2026 games, committee member and two-time U.S. Olympic cross country skier James Southam announced that Anchorage will host the U.S. National Cross Country Championships and SuperTour Finals in March.

Southam said it would be “just amazing” to hold the Olympics in his hometown.

“When you host these kinds of national events, it really just increases our resume, our capacity to put in this bid for the 2026 Olympics,” Mayor Sullivan added.

Venues are the biggest challenge for Anchorage or any city seeking to host the Olympics, since the facilities must be built to host more spectators than they would for local events.

“How do you pay for it, and what do you do with it once the games are over?” Sullivan said.

He believes Anchorage has the other logistics covered: It’s already an international city for travelers, has thousands of hotel rooms, and — possibly its most important quality — is well situated for prime-time TV audiences.

Morning competitions could be shown live during prime time in Europe, and late afternoon events would be live during prime time in the eastern and central U.S.

Anchorage’s bid for the previous games did not rely on any public financing. Sullivan said that’s the current goal as well, with the hope that television revenue, merchandising and private contributions from corporations would cover the costs.

Since the prior bids, Anchorage, like a lot of other cities, has seen some challenging economic times.

“But I think we’re back on the right track,” he said. “And you’re talking about games in 2026, so it’s 13 years from now. You’d like to think we’ll be even better positioned than we are today.”

Sullivan wants the committee to complete its work looking at finances, venues, housing and transportation within eight months. The United States Olympic Committee will have the final say on whether it seeks to back an American city for the games. Sullivan said that decision will likely come in 2015.

Los Angeles has expressed interest in bidding the 2024 Summer Olympics, but the USOC said during a meeting earlier this year that it’s weighing a summer vs. winter bid. The committee will decide in late 2014 whether to field a candidate for the 2024 summer games.

Documents sealed in death near Patriot TE’s home

Okla. executes man in death of girlfriend’s mother





Yanking the chain

Nice thumb, Rog. Very Fonzie-like. Way cooler than the finger you gave us today. So much for the theory that Roger Clemens would go back to the Astros to avoid alienating fans in New York and Boston, huh? It's apparent beyond a doubt now that he has roughly the same affection for Boston that Alec Baldwin has for Kim Basinger. . . and after today, I'm fairly certain the feeling is reciprocated by the vast majority of Sox fans, even those who have a No. 21 jersey stashed in a closet somewhere. Heck, Benedict Clemens was dead to me before. At this point, I'm prepared to track him down when he's reincarnated just to boo his sorry . . . well, you know. Contrary to what he or his agents might say when trying to pit one team against the other in negotiations, we now know with 100 percent certainty that he has absolutely no sentiment for his days for the Red Sox. None. The premise that he might return to pitch for Boston out of some melancholy desire to mend those Green Monster-sized fences and win back the approval of the fans who cheered his first big-league victories has long been based in fantasy. Today, that fantasy was punctured by a reality that we should have grasped long ago. Clemens's allegiance has never tilted toward a particular city or fan base, be it Boston, New York, Houston or Albuquerque. The Rocket's is not about a team, but to a person: himself. He's a Yankee - again - because New York, it all of its DeSalvo/Pavano/Igawa-fueled desperation, gave him roughly $18 million bucks and the cushy come-and-go-as-you-wish-your-highness schedule for four months of work. Had the Red Sox offered him, say, $33 million, the use of John Henry's jet, and all the free ballpark wieners the "K' kids can eat, let's just say there's a pretty good chance he'd have shown up at Fenway this week to patronize us with some non-sequitur-loaded speech about how it's good to be home in Boston again, duh-huh. He's nothing but a money-chasing mercenary. And you know what? In a sense, I'm glad he pulled WWE villian act and returned to the Bronx. The greedy, spotlight-craving, incredibly successful Yankees, and the greedy, spotlight-craving, incredibly successful pitcher. It's a perfect marriage, always has been, and it adds even more juice to the rivalry. Besides, it makes it easier to justify the vat of venom I've been storing with his name on it since 1996, when he told us the only place he'd ever leave Boston for was dear old Texas . . . then thought we wouldn't notice when he skipped over the border to Canada once the Blue Jays threw the most money at him. Gotta love that Rocket Geography, where Toronto borders Texas if the money is right. And that was but the first on a long laundry list of transgressions: His manipulation to get traded from Toronto to the Yankees, the ultimate slap in the face . . . the smug rubbing of the Babe's monument after Game 7 in 2003 after his teammates saved him from a shameful farewell . . . today's contrived look-at-me moment where he told the roughly 55,000 mustacheod Buttafuocos at Yankee Stadium that it was a "privilege" to play for them. Seriously, how many more times does he need to rub it in Sox fans' faces?As much as some fans might have wanted Clemens to come here to be the most accomplished fourth starter in baseball history, we'd be hypocrites to begrudge the Yankees this move. This is obviously a much-needed emotional jolt; the New York bench looked like a bunch of giddy Little Leaguers as he blathered through his speech to





No comments posted. |E-mail|Print | Search Archives Wednesday, January 16, 2013 9:13 PM EST

Bryant keeps coming through in clutch for Falcons By The Associated Press Atlanta Falcons kicker Matt Bryant (3) walks off the field after kicking the game-winning field goal during the second half of an NFC divisional playoff NFL football game against the Seattle Seahawks Sunday, Jan. 13, 2013, in Atlanta. The Falcons won 30-28. (AP Photo/John Bazemore)Browse for Republican American Reprints

FLOWERY BRANCH, Ga. — When Matt Bryant is on the sideline, fully aware the game might be decided by his right leg, he'll drape a towel over his head to shut out the world.He barely pays attention to the game. He doesn't hear the crowd, no matter how loud the fans are. A sense of calmness sweeps over him."That towel acts like a force field," Bryant said. "For whatever reason, that seems to block out of a lot of things."No kicker has been more clutch than Bryant over the last three years — and especially this season. He has won three games for the Atlanta Falcons in the final minute of regulation, including a 49-yard field goal with 8 seconds left in last week's thrilling playoff victory over the Seattle Seahawks.On Sunday, the Falcons will host the NFC championship game for the first time. And, if their game against the San Francisco 49ers goes down to the wire — and, let's not forget, three of the last five conference title games have gone to overtime — they have full confidence that Bryant will come through again."You don't need to panic when you're in a situation like that," said offensive guard Justin Blalock. "You know you've got a guy that everyone has faith in. Once you cross midfield, you know he's going to put it through. That takes a load off the rest of the team."Since the start of the 2010 season, Bryant has won five games for the Falcons with field goals in the final minute of the fourth quarter, more than any other kicker, according to STATS LLC. Shaun Suisham of the Pittsburgh Steelers is next on the list with three game-winning kicks. No one else in the league has more than two during that span.Bryant has really been a godsend for the top-seeded Falcons (14-3) this season. When Atlanta was on the verge of an upset loss to Carolina, Bryant connected on a 40-yard field goal with 5 seconds left for a 30-28 victory. When the team struggled against lowly Oakland, he knocked through a mammoth 55-yarder with 1 second remaining for a 23-20 victory.But no kick was bigger than the one he made last Sunday. Shaking off the shock of blowing a 20-point lead in the fourth quarter, the Falcons completed two long passes in the final half-minute to set up Bryant's winning kick.The Seahawks called a timeout trying to freeze Bryant, who actually missed wide-right on what was really a practice kick.But when it counted, there was never any doubt."For whatever reason, I feel like I'm hitting the ball a lot better now than I have in a long time," the 37-year-old Bryant said. "Even that 49-yarder, I mean, it would've been good from 60 yards plus. I smoked that one. To be honest with you, I think that's the best ball I've ever hit."No kicker this season other than Bryant and Suisham has more than one winning field goal in the last minute of regulation, according to STATS.But this is nothing new for Bryant, who's always had a burning desire to win at everything he does, who's always been a guy who wanted the ball in his hands — or on his foot — at the end of the game.He still remembers losing a Little League game when he was 7 or 8 years old, then demanding that his mother get him moved to a better team. He shows no mercy on his 6-year-old son, even when they're playing a game of checkers just for fun.Bryant's teammates are struck by his serious demeanor."I call him the angry kicker," linebacker Mike Peterson said. "He walks around like he's angry, like he's mad at somebody. He's got a little linebacker in him. But he's like that every day ... like he just missed a kick or something. I take it that he's a hard guy, that he's hard on himself."Bryant has certainly been hardened by real life.In 2008, his 3-month-old son Matthew Tryson passed away unexpectedly, apparently from Sudden Infant Death Syndrome. One day after the funeral, he returned to kicked three goals in Tampa Bay's victory over the Green Bay Packers. The following season, after signing with the Falcons, his father succumbed to Lou Gehrig's disease on Christmas Day. Bryant attended the funeral in Texas and rejoined the Falcons in time to kick two field goals in their season-ending victory over the Buccaneers.Just 16 months apart, Bryant lost two of the most important people in his life. In between those life-changing events, he was cut by the Bucs and spent time in the United Football League, playing for a team known as the Florida Tuskers.Through it all, Bryant learned an important lesson, one that he still tries to pass on to his son, his 16-month-old twins and his stepchildren."You learn to practice what you preach," Bryant said. "I think about what would I tell (Tryson). I would tell him to do his best, just I like I tell my kids now to do their best. That's all you can do."If there comes a time when a big kick doesn't go through, he'll be angry and disappointed, but not for long.He's so confident in what he does before goes out on the field that he can live with the result."You could miss, or you could make it," Bryant said. "But if you go out there worrying about this or worrying about that, if you have any hesitation except for doing your best, there's so many more bad things that can happen."He still hears his father's voice, the man who played such a major role in helping him reach the NFL, cheering him on just like he did when Bryant was a kid playing baseball and soccer."To this day," the kicker said, "I hear someone in the background saying, `Go for it!"'If Bryant trots out for another potential winning kick against the 49ers, he'd surely hear that voice again — and the Falcons would like their chances.———Follow Paul Newberry on Twitter at www.twitter.com/pnewberry1963———Online: http://pro32.ap.org/poll and http://twitter.com/AP—NFL Follow Us

More Nfl stories Source: Eagles interviewed Brian BillickKaepernick gives 49ers new look in NFC title gameOffseason could bring big changes for PackersDown to 4Ravens get their rematch with PatsCommentary: Tears of joy as Gonzalez finally wins oneBrady, Pats find new ways to score in whipping TexansPatriots move on without GronkSuddenly unwanted, Tebow's NFL future uncertainPatriots work on kick coverage, defense late in halfRavens faced obstacles in return to AFC title gameNolan holds no bitterness toward his former teamFalcons expect injured Abraham to start vs. 49ersBryant keeps coming through in clutch for FalconsRavens' Lewis dominating, but he's not rethinking retirement49ers quarterback proves he's a real pistolRavens kicker Tucker confident he won't missPats put TE Gronkowski on IR with forearm injuryPatriots' Ninkovich has nose for finding the ballCardinals hire Bruce Arians as head coachAbraham, Babineaux questionable for FalconsPatriots' defensive backs wary of Ravens' long-ball potentialBrady, Patriots the last obstacle for Lewis, RavensVegas bookies favor 49ers by 4 1/2-5 pointsColts' Luck added to AFC's Pro Bowl rosterRavens savor long-awaited return to Super BowlAfter Giants win title, Niners getting their shotPatriots crash into offseasonElectronic first-down line could be coming to NFLJets coach Ryan uninjured in 3-car accident





Thomas Hauser

Tweet Olympic Boxing: Scoring the Fights Jones won plenty of gold in the pros, but was robbed in 88 Olympics

The Beijing Olympics are three years away. The London games are seven years in the future. But reform comes slowly in the convoluted world of international sports, so now is the time to take a long hard look at how Olympic boxing is scored.

Beginning in 1960, Olympic boxing matches were scored by five judges. Each judge voted for a winner based on his separate scoring of each round. The boxer who prevailed on a majority of the judges' cards, was declared the victor.

Unfortunately, as is often the case with Olympic officiating, incompetence and favoritism reigned. Then came a scandal that couldn't be ignored. At the 1988 Seoul Olympics, Roy Jones Jr. fought Park Si-Hun of South Korea in the gold-medal bout. Jones threw more punches than Park in every round. He landed more punches than Park in every round. And he landed at a higher connect rate than Park in every round. The numbers, provided by CompuBox, were as follows:

Jones: 20 of 85 = 24 percent

Park: 3 of 38 = 8 percent

Jones: 30 of 98 = 31 percent Park: 15 of 71 = 21 percent

Jones: 36 of 120 = 30 percent Park: 14 of 79 = 18 percent Totals:

Jones: 86 of 303 = 28 percent Park: 32 of 188 = 17 percent

But there was a problem. The judges, who were allowed a measure of subjectivity due to the rules in force at the time, declared Park the winner. Thereafter, seeking to regain a modicum of credibility, the International Olympic Committee turned to electronic scoring.

The scoring system currently in use at the Olympics was introduced at the 1989 World Championships and has been part of every Olympic boxing competition since then. Each of the five judges is given a computer console. The console has a blue button and a red button; one for each fighter. When a boxer lands a "scoring blow," each judge is supposed to press the button for that fighter.

A scoring blow is a punch that has (1) cleanly connected (2) with the knuckle surface of the glove (3) within the legal scoring area of the body (4) with the weight of the puncher's body or shoulder (5) while not infringing a rule (for example, a blow struck while holding doesn't count). In order to push his button, a judge must have been in position to see clearly that all of the above criteria have been met. At the end of the bout, the boxer with the most punches scored wins.

But here's the rub. For a punch to register, three of the five judges must press the same color button within a one-second time frame. And the system doesn't work.

Spectators watch a fight and the scoring is at odds with what they see unfolding before their eyes. Boxers are throwing fifty punches a round; and at the end of the bout, the score is 9 to 7. It's obvious that scoring blows (a lot of them) aren't being recorded. Regardless of whether or not the right boxer wins, scores aren't being tabulated properly. It's like watching a soccer game, seeing Manchester United score four goals, and being told at the end of the match that the final score is 2 to 1.

The International Amateur Boxing Association oversees standards for Olympic judging and selection of the judges themselves. AIBA (the acronym has a transposition in letters because of translation from the French language) divides the world into five "continents": Europe, Asia, Africa, Oceana, and the Americas (which includes North and South America). Thirty-six judges are assigned to each Olympics. Three of these come from the host country. The other 33 are chosen by the governing boxing federation of each continent. For example, six positions were allocated to the Americas for the 2004 Athens Olympics.

AIBA rules require that Olympic judges attend mandatory electronic-scoring sessions and have worked at least one World Championships in addition to other international competitions. But judges have different motor-skill reaction times. And under the present system, one incompetent or corrupt judge can significantly influence the outcome of a fight.

As previously noted, in order to be counted, a blow must be acknowledged by three of the five judges (60 percent) within a one-second time frame. But if a judge is looking for a reason to discount the punches of a particular fighter, he can simply push his button late or not at all. In that instance, the required percentage jumps to 75% (three of the other four judges). And conversely, if a judge is inclined to push his button in favor of a particular fighter landing a punch, only two of the other four judges (50%) are needed for the blow to score.

The system is so absurd that there have been instances in Olympic competition in which all five judges scored a bout in favor of a given boxer. Yet because of the timing of their button-pushing, the other boxer was awarded the decision on points.

The IOC is aware of the problem. In August 2005, it announced that it had frozen $9,000,000 in payments that had been earmarked for AIBA. Giselle Davies (an IOC spokeswoman) explained, "It's due to general judging issues that have remained unresolved since the Athens Olympics." IOC president Jacques Rogge has declared that the funds will remain frozen until AIBA provides a "clear timeline and planned actions" for dealing with the problem.

The solution is a no-brainer. IOC and AIBA, take note. The concept of each judge registering each blow makes sense. But you've taken something simple and screwed it up.

The judges should continue to register blows. But their findings should be tabulated separately. That way, one judge's score won't impact on the scores of the other judges. At the end of a bout, whichever boxer prevails on a majority of the judges' cards wins.

In other words, "Punch-Stats" with each judge being held individually accountable for his scoring.

Here, the thoughts of Bob Canobbio, who founded CompuBox with Logan Hobson in 1984, are instructive.

The CompuBox system utilizes a laptop computer with two keypads and two operators. Each keypad has four active keys; one each for jabs thrown, jabs connected, power punches thrown, and power punches connected. If a punch is blocked by an opponent's gloves or arms, it's registered as a miss. Each operator records the efforts of one fighter.

CompuBox was hired by NBC in 1988 to compute at the Seoul Olympics. Canobbio and Hobson were in Korea for a month, compiling statistics for every fight that involved an American, all other televised fights, and miscellaneous match-ups where one of the participants was perceived as a possible future opponent for an American. The Roy Jones fight was the culmination of their efforts.

"The current system of Olympic scoring doesn't work," says Canobbio. "The sixty-percent requirement is one reason. Another reason is that each judge is counting punches for both fighters. Even if you're just counting punches landed and not worrying about misses or the distinction between jabs and power punches, I'm not sure the eye is trained to accurately follow four gloves. We learned that at CompuBox twenty years ago. Also," Canobbio continues, "because of the way punches are counted, the fights are awful. Olympic boxers are taught to land one punch at a time rather than flurry because, no matter how many punches you land, the likelihood is that only one punch in a combination will be counted. That means Olympic boxing has started to look like fencing."

The CompuBox system is imperfect in that the distinction between "jabs" and "power punches" is often irrelevant. Not all "power punches" are damaging blows. But in Olympic scoring, all connects count the same so that flaw doesn't matter.

Meanwhile, Canobbio would be delighted to work with AIBA, train its judges, and license his computer program to them. "It would be good for boxing," he says. "And quite frankly, another reason I'd like to do it is because, right now, the Olympics are giving computerized punch-counting a bad name."

If the people who run AIBA are smart, they'll take Canobbio up on his offer. And they'll change the current system of scoring, because it's hurting the sport. Also, I should add, honest judges would help.

Thomas Hauser can be reached by email at thauser@rcn.com





Sun July 22, 2012

E-mail	Print	Comments	Share	Tweet	Google+	The Two-Way	'Who's On First?' The Sign Language Version

Originally published on Sun July 22, 2012 2:43 pm By editor	Listen Listening...

A screen grab from the MLB video, "Costas and Seinfeld on Network."

Abbott and Costello's famous "Who's on First?" routine still stands as one of the greatest comedy sketches of all time. It was a feat of rapid-fire dialogue, flawless comedic timing and devastating wit. But could you do it without saying a word? The answer appears to be yes. After Jerry Seinfeld broke down the classic skit on the MLB Network recently, NPR's Mike Pesca wound up with a peculiar email in his inbox. It was a link to an American Sign Language (ASL) version of the skit, sent by a friend. It was amazing, Pesca says. "There are parts where you don't really understand what's going on, but if you know the routine, you can pretty much tell what they're talking about," Pesca tells Weekend Edition Sunday guest host Linda Wertheimer. "Then there are certain instances where you know exactly what they're saying [and] it gets huge laughs from the audience," he says. The fact that the routine survives without spoken words is a testament to its brilliance, Pesca says. "It's math. It really is musical, and it works really well." Chris Benderev is a producer for Weekend Edition Sunday.Copyright 2012 National Public Radio. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/. Transcript (SOUNDBITE OF MUSIC) LINDA WERTHEIMER, HOST: NPR's Mike Pesca is here to talk sports, as usual. Now, the topic of the death penalty, Mike - that is, the death penalty as it is understood in collegiate athletics - has been swirling about in the media, in connection with Penn State and the abuse scandal there. Quickly, could you just tell us: What is the death penalty? MIKE PESCA, BYLINE: When people use the phrase, they usually mean the elimination of a program of sport from a certain school; eliminating all play for a year, and it could be longer. The thing is, it's not really the death penalty. I mean, SMU - Southern Methodist - supposedly was subject to the death penalty. But SMU plays today. Other schools that have been subject to the death penalty, have been resurrected. So I guess the Methodists can explain that in one instance, but not with sports. So it's not really a death penalty. And the other thing is, people - when people talk about it, the history of it, they go back to about 1985, when the NCAA passed a rule by a 427-6 vote. And they say that's when the death penalty started. But way before then, schools were stripped of the ability to play for a year. One of the Kentucky basketball programs in the early '50s, happened to them - Southern Louisiana. So the NCAA has always had the ability to say to a school: You will not be playing next year because of what you've done. WERTHEIMER: Now, one of the arguments that I've heard in discussions about the death penalty and Penn State, is that it would have a big, big impact because so much depends upon the funds brought to the university, and to the community, by the football program. So does that maybe explain why the death penalty has been used more often on little schools, and situations we haven't really heard about? PESCA: Right. Well, when people talk about the death penalty, they're almost always these days talking about Southern Methodist University; where players were paid in cash, and Eric Dickerson drove a Trans Am around campus. But since then, the NCAA has been really reluctant to use it, except in a couple situations - like you say, smaller schools. One of them was kind of interesting because it was the Division II men's soccer program at Morehouse College. WERTHEIMER: Morehouse? PESCA: Yeah. Morehouse College, Martin Luther King's alma mater. What happened there was at the turn of the century - the last century - a history professor at Morehouse - guy by the name of Augustine Konneh - started the soccer team. A lot of people at Morehouse didn't even know he started the soccer team. And he hired some players - or paid for the scholarship of some players who were former professionals, which isn't allowed. But it does seem he was motivated not by winning soccer games, but almost philanthropic reasons. He had brought a lot of Liberian refugees over to the United States. Konneh's Liberian himself. And I think using a scholarship to play soccer was a way to get some of these individuals into the United States, and into a better life. Konneh himself never really answered questions about what was going on with the soccer program. And today, he lives in Liberia and works for Ellen Sirleaf's government. He is actually the director of the school of foreign service there. He's a government minister. WERTHEIMER: Huh. So Mike, what is this week's curveball? PESCA: Yeah, this is a real curveball from what we've been talking about. Jerry Seinfeld went on the MLB Network, and dissected the classic Abbott and Costello routine "Who's on First?" And in it, Seinfeld talked about "Who's on First?" as a form of math, or almost a form of music. And based on that, someone sent to me the most amazing video. We're going to post it online, but I can't really play an excerpt - when I tell you, you'll understand why. It's a video of an ASL - American Sign Language - version of the "Who's on First?" routine. And I have to tell you, there are parts where you don't really understand what's going on. But if you know the routine, you can pretty much tell what they're talking about. And then there are certain instances where you know exactly what they're saying. It gets huge laughs from the audience. It's just quite a thing to watch. And it would probably be a good experiment to match it up with the actual Abbott and Costello routine. It's math. It really is musical, and it works really well. WERTHEIMER: If you want to look at it, we're going to put it up on NPR's website, npr.org. Mike Pesca, thank you. PESCA: You're welcome. (SOUNDBITE OF MUSIC) WERTHEIMER: You're listening to WEEKEND EDITION, from NPR News. Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright National Public Radio.





Tokyo opens 2020 Olympic bid campaign in London

Posted at: 01/17/2013 6:07 AM By STEPHEN WILSON (AP) LONDON - Tokyo began its international promotion campaign for the 2020 Olympics in London on Thursday, promising to match or surpass the success of the games held there six months ago. Getting a jump on rivals Madrid and Istanbul, Tokyo officials outlined their candidacy at a news conference three days after submitting bid documents to the International Olympic Committee in Switzerland. Tokyo played up Japan’s economic stability and safety and dismissed concerns about nuclear radiation, the territorial dispute with China and public support levels below those of Istanbul and Madrid. With a high-profile delegation featuring Tokyo’s new governor, Naoki Inose, the Japanese team sought to capitalize on the feel-good factor of the London Games. "London 2012 was seen as a shining example of how to host, deliver and celebrate an Olympic Games," bid leader Tsunekazu Takeda said. "Our aim is to raise the bar even higher." Tokyo, which hosted the 1964 Olympics, is bidding for a second straight time after finishing third in the IOC vote for the 2016 Games, which went to Rio de Janeiro. Madrid is bidding for a third consecutive time, while Istanbul is back after four previous attempts. The IOC will select the host city by secret ballot in Buenos Aires, Argentina, on Sept. 7. "We have kept the best (from the 2016 bid) and improved the rest," said Takeda, who heads Japan’s national Olympic committee and became an IOC member last year. Taking a central role and fielding most of the questions was Inose, who was elected governor in December. "I’m determined to host the games in the same splendid way as London," he said. Tokyo, which has been installed as the favorite by British bookmakers, has been rated highly by the IOC for its technical bid but faces the emotional pull of Istanbul, seeking to take the Olympics to a new part of the world in a city that straddles Europe and Asia. While London spent nearly $16 billion in public funds on building venues for the Olympics, Tokyo has a $4.5 billion "reserve fund" for infrastructure projects for the games. That compares with $19.2 billion for Istanbul and $1.9 billion for Madrid. The governor said Japan has the world’s third largest economy and Tokyo the biggest GDP of any city in the world. One of Tokyo’s weaknesses has been public support, but Inose said enthusiasm has been growing since Japan’s strong showing at the London Olympics. A poll by Tokyo organizers cited in the bid book put public support in the city at 62.5 percent, much higher than the 47 percent recorded in an IOC poll last year but still far below Istanbul (93 percent) and Madrid (80 percent). "There are similarities between the people of London and Tokyo," Inose said. "I’m confident the rate of support will be very high." The governor also downplayed the simmering territorial dispute with China over control of islands in the East China Sea. Tensions intensified after Tokyo bought the islands from their Japanese private owners in September, prompting Chinese to hold demonstrations and boycott Japanese products. "Territorial questions happen all the time in the whole world," Inose said. "I’m sure both countries will be able to find a peaceful way to resolve it." Inose is taking a different line from his predecessor, Shintaro Ishihara, who was a hawk on China and stirred up the dispute with Beijing. Inose also dismissed concerns about long-lasting effects of the earthquake and tsunami in 2011 that crippled the Fukushima nuclear plant. "The radiation numbers in Tokyo are normal," he said. "They may be high in Fukushima, but Tokyo is 220 kilometers (135 miles) away. The radiation levels in Tokyo are the same as here in London." Looking ahead to September, Tokyo officials said they fully expect new Prime Minister Shinzo Abe to take part in the final presentation in Buenos Aires. That would be in line with the recent trend of heads of state or government attending the IOC votes. "I will make him come," Inose said with a laugh. (Copyright 2013 by The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.)





Special Olympics Announces Groundbreaking Global Development Summit 十一月 29, 2012

Global Dignitaries Confirmed to Participate in the Republic of Korea in January 2013

For Immediate ReleaseWashington, DC – 29 November 2012 – On Wednesday 30 January 2013, world leaders from government, business, education, economic and social development, media and civil society will convene in PyeongChang, Republic of Korea at the Special Olympics Global Development Summit on Ending the Cycle of Poverty and Exclusion for People with Intellectual Disabilities. This Summit, the first of its kind focusing solely on people with intellectual disabilities, will examine the urgent needs of the largest disability population throughout the world and will take place as part of the world’s largest sports and humanitarian event, Special Olympics World Winter Games PyeongChang 2013 will be co-hosted by Special Olympics and the Special Olympics World Winter Games Organizing Committee PyeongChang 2013.High level participants of the Global Development Summit will include:• Daw Aung San Suu Kyi, MP -- Chairperson, National League for Democracy, Burma (Myanmar) • The Most Honorable Kim Hwang-sik, Prime Minister of the Republic of Korea • Her Excellency Joyce Banda, President of Malawi • The Most Honorable Portia Simpson Miller, Prime Minister of Jamaica • The Most Honorable Sheikh Hasina, Prime Minister of Bangladesh • Senator and Vice Minister Jan McLucas, Government of Australia • The Honorable Bekele Geleta, Secretary General of the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies • The Honorable Wilfried Lemke, Special Envoy, the United Nations Office on Sport for Development and PeaceThe world’s largest disability population According to the recently published World Report on Disability, a joint publication by the World Health Organization (WHO) and the World Bank, “Disability is also an important development issue with an increasing body of evidence showing that persons with disabilities experience worse socioeconomic outcomes and poverty than persons without disabilities” (xxi, WRD). In 2006 the United Nations established the Convention on Rights of Persons with Disabilities (CRPD) to change attitudes and approaches in order to improve the lives of people with disabilities. People with intellectual disabilities comprise the world’s largest disability population with an estimated 200 million people. The Summit on Ending the Cycle of Poverty and Exclusion for People with Intellectual Disabilities will raise challenging questions about the scope and underlying nature of the obstacles that prevent people with intellectual disabilities from being included and accepted as part of the larger global development agenda, and will help provide a roadmap for how models of intervention can be created, modified and expanded to include people with intellectual disabilities. Persons with intellectual disabilities can be defined as having significant limitations in cognitive functioning and adaptive behavior that have onset by age 18 years. Intellectual disabilities can be either genetic or acquired (e.g., Down syndrome, cerebral palsy, autism, traumatic brain injury). “The misunderstanding, neglect and often outright discrimination against people with intellectual disability have been pervasive, with devastating effects on them and their families. This is well documented in personal stories and studies carried out in recent years. It is time to bring people with intellectual disabilities out of the shadows and every sector of society must take part,” said Timothy P. Shriver, Chairman and CEO of Special Olympics. “We in Special Olympics have seen the power and value that everyone experiences when the voices of people with intellectual disabilities are allowed to be heard.” “Global Development Summit will contemplate the equality of people with intellectual disabilities in society and communicate the opportunities to improve the level of their lives. I wish society will start to look at them just like they look at other people. Looking once, not looking twice,” said Na Kyung Won, Chair of the Special Olympics World Winter Games Organizing Committee PyeongChang 2013. “As a part of the legacy to be created from the Special Olympics World Winter Games, we will see increased inclusion of people with disabilities in society and greater contribution to elevating the welfare of people with intellectual disabilities worldwide.”Share Your VisionAdditionally, in preparation for the Global Development Summit and in observance of the United Nations International Day of Persons with Disabilities on December 3, Special Olympics encourages discussions about equality and inclusion and is calling on people around the world to define what “equality” means to them. By visiting here, you can share your vision statement. Upcoming World Winter GamesFrom 29 January to 5 February 2013, the Republic of Korea will welcome more than 2,300 Special Olympics athletes from more than 110 nations to compete in seven Olympic-type winter sports as part of the Special Olympics World Winter Games. Every two years, thousands of Special Olympics athletes worldwide come together to showcase their athletic skills and celebrate the spirit of Special Olympics in alternating World Summer and World Winter Games. The first Special Olympics World Games took place in 1968 and since then have evolved into a world-class sporting event, attracting a wide range of sponsors, supporters and media. Special Olympics World Games bring public attention to the talents and capabilities of people with intellectual disabilities and are a capstone to more than 50,000 competitions that happen at all levels of Special Olympics each year., Special Olympics sports training and competitions, supported by a number of non-sports activities, help to change attitudes and break down barriers that exclude people with intellectual disability from the mainstream of the community. The 10th Special Olympics World Winter Games will be held in PyeongChang, Republic of Korea from 29 January to 5 February 2013, at the same site where the 2018 Winter Olympics will be held. Media are invited to register now to cover the Games in PyeongChang this coming January. Media who cannot attend but can help spread awareness are encouraged to contact Special Olympics for details on satellite feed options, photos and stories available to the press. More information can be found at the Games official website www.2013SOPOC.org and here.About Special OlympicsSpecial Olympics is an international organization that changes lives through the power of sport by empowering people with intellectual disabilities, promoting acceptance for all, and fostering communities of understanding and respect worldwide. Founded in 1968 by Eunice Kennedy Shriver, the Special Olympics movement has grown from a few hundred athletes to 4 million athletes in 170 countries worldwide, providing year-round sports training, athletic competition and related programs. Special Olympics takes place daily, changing the lives of people with intellectual disabilities all over the world. Special Olympics provides people with intellectual disabilities the opportunity to realize their potential, develop physical fitness, demonstrate courage, and experience joy and friendship. Visit Special Olympics at www.specialolympics.org. Engage with us on: Twitter @specialolympics; fb.com/specialolympics; youtube.com/specialolympicshq, and specialolympicsblog.wordpress.comAbout the Special Olympics World Winter Games PyeongChang 2013The 2013 PyeongChang Special Olympics World Winter Games will be held from January 29th to February 5th, 2013 at PyeongChang, Korea, the hub of winter sports. It will be the largest Special Olympics World Winter Games featuring 7 categories of sports including alpine skiing, cross country skiing, snow boarding, snow shoeing, speed skating, figure skating, floor hockey, and demo sport, floorball. The Games will demonstrate unity of overcoming the differences of region, borders, political belief, age, race and religion. More information is available at the World Games official website:http://www.2013sopoc.orgMedia ContactsKristin Hughes +1-202-824-0370 [email protected]Mandy Murphy+1-202-824-0227[email protected]Mingwah Park +82-02-7382013[email protected]Wendy Wu+82-10-5011 7861[email protected]# # #





More Jerry Magee

The Kansas City Chiefs are getting pounded this year. Pounded. Teams are beating K.C. to beat the band.

It may have hit the low point last Sunday when Titans running back Chris Johnson, crossing the goal line with a 66-yard touchdown in a 34-10 romp, ran over to the Kansas City pep band (only in K.C.) and began banging on the percussionist's conga drums. The act was so demeaning to the home team that even Titans coach Jeff Fisher said he never wanted to see anything like it again.

The Chiefs don't need any help making themselves look bad. And that's not even talking off-the-field, where star running back Larry Johnson has been accused of assaulting a woman for the fourth time in five years, plus committed a separate breach of team rules that has gotten him suspended for two weeks.





WR Smith ready to make his choice

Matt Dorsey

SpartanMag.comOne of the top wide receiver prospects in the Midwest for the class of 2012 is Corey Smith of Akron Buchtel High School. The 6-foot-0, 170-pound Smith has over 20 scholarship offers and is closing in on making his college choice. SpartanMag.com was able to speak with smith and get some details.Michigan State University was one of the first schools to offer Smith almost a year ago. Smith came up to the Michigan State Elite Player Camp last July and had a very strong performance. Shortly afterwards he was offered a scholarship by the Spartans. He was also on campus last fall to check out the Spartans defeat the Fighting Irish of Notre Dame.Since that time, Smith has seen his scholarship offer list expand greatly and he is now looking to end the process and select as school. SpartanMag.com talked with him about that."I think I am going to make my decision next week," he said. I am going to select a school based on the academics, playing time and good coaches."As far as a favorite school, Smith was not giving up and insight. However, the general consensus is that his top schools are Michigan State, Penn State, Tennessee, West Virginia, North Carolina and Illinois, in no particular order.Smith informed SpartanMag.com about his recent contact with schools and if he will be having any type of press conference for making his choice."I went to North Carolina and Tennessee this spring," he said. "Lots of coaches have been by school the past few weeks. Coach Narduzzi from Michigan State was in the other week. I will probably just call the coaches and let them know about my decision."Smith has been working hard in the off-season to make himself a better player. In addition to his workouts, he also has been hitting camps and combines. He was at the Penn State NIKE Camp a few weeks ago and was one of the top performers there. He will be attending the Ohio State NIKE Camp on May 21st and will be looking to take home the MVP honors for top wide receiver.Smith talked working hard to improve himself."You get out what you put in, so I have been giving football my all," he stated. "When I am sitting at home I always try and think to myself about what I can do to make myself a better player. That is what motivates me."Smith indicated that he is looking forward to having a big senior season for Buchtel High. Under the direction of Head Coach Ricky Powers, Buchtel High School has returned to the ranks of one of the top programs in Ohio. Last year they made it all the way to the state finals before losing a heartbreaker to Bishop Watterson High School by a score of 13-12.SpartanMag.com will be covering the Ohio State NIKE Camp on May 21st. It is possible the Smith will have made his choice just prior to that event. We will be sure to report on how he performs against the best competition in the Midwest and what his new team can expect from this talented player. ...More... To continue reading this article you must be a member. Sign Up Now!





Updated Jan 11, 2013 - 10:54 pm	NFL Insider: Andy Reid wanted ‘no part of Kevin Kolb’

By Vince Marotta | January 11, 2013 @

About 24 hours after the Arizona Cardinals fired head coach Ken Whisenhunt, it was reported, and by some pretty reliable people, that there was a 95% chance Andy Reid would be the team’s next head coach. Reid had just been fired by the Philadelphia Eagles after 14 mostly successful seasons, but was looking for another job and the Cardinals seemed like a good fit.

We know how it shook out, however. Reid never made it to Arizona for an interview — much less a job offer — and he was hired by the Kansas City Chiefs to run their on-field operation.

So what happened?

Jamie Dukes, a former Cardinal and now an analyst on NFL Network, has a theory on that and shared it Friday with Doug and Wolf on Arizona Sports 620.

“He’s already gone, but I would’ve grabbed Andy Reid in a second,” Dukes said in response to a query on whom he’d hire as head coach if he was the Cardinals’ general manager. “And the reason I would’ve grabbed Andy Reid because I knew one of two things — he’s going to bring Donovan McNabb or Michael Vick with him — because you’ve got to do something at quarterback. That’s what it all boils down to.”

Dukes making reference to the importance of the quarterback position is hardly earth-shattering stuff, but the names he threw out are. Vick lost his job in Philadelphia to rookie Nick Foles partly due to injury, and McNabb didn’t suit up for any team in 2012 after a less-than-promising one-season stint in Minnesota.

But the interview got more interesting from there.

“I found it telling also that Andy, while he flirted with the idea of coming to Arizona, he didn’t want any part of Kevin Kolb,” he said. “What that tells me is that until they solve that quarterback issue, it doesn’t matter who they bring in.”

Kolb, of course, started his career in Philadelphia under Reid, and eventually became the Eagles’ starter. In 2010, he lost the job due to a concussion, and Vick played MVP-caliber football in his absence, leading the Eagles to the playoffs. Following the season, Kolb was dealt to Arizona in a trade that sent Pro Bowl cornerback Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie and a second-round draft pick to Philadelphia. Comments





Wild Prepare For NHL Draft In Their Own Arena

Minnesota Wild, NHL draft, Xcel Energy Center

Sports Slideshows

New Timberwolves At The State Fair

Biggest Celebrity Sports Fans

World Cup: Hottest Wives and Girlfriends

Minnesota’s Super Bowl 2018 Bid

ST. PAUL, Minn. (AP) — The Minnesota Wild are staying home for the NHL draft.

This weekend’s event will be held in their own arena, the Xcel Energy Center, meaning their first-round pick — 10th overall — will have the memorable bonus of a warm welcome from the Wild fans in attendance.

“The hometown crowd usually has a terrific reception for the player drafted by the hometown team, and just seeing the emotion of the family and seeing the young man get up with the hometown hat on for the first time is a very special moment,” Wild general manager Chuck Fletcher said.

The Wild are determined to use the draft-and-develop model to become a perennial playoff team, so this will be another critical weekend in their reconstruction project.

“I’m extremely optimistic about our chances to get better in the future, because I know we’ll draft well with this staff and we’ll develop well after we’ve drafted these kids,” Fletcher said. “We’re going to be successful developing players, and the sooner the better.”

After a series of not-so-productive drafts, the Wild have begun to restock. They loaded up on playmaking forwards last year with four of the first 59 selections, and Mikael Granlund (Finland), Brett Bulmer (Canada), Johan Larrson (Sweden) and Jason Zucker (Denver University) had solid seasons with their respective teams.

Players like Cody Almond, Colton Gillies and Marco Scandella, draft picks from 2007 and 2008, have had previous tastes of the NHL with the Wild and helped the Houston Aeros to the American Hockey League finals this month.

When Fletcher introduced Mike Yeo as the Wild’s new head coach last week, he made it clear he wants the Wild to become younger, faster and more energetic, trying to follow the draft-and-develop model the Boston Bruins and Vancouver Canucks used effectively to reach the Stanley Cup finals.

“I don’t think rebuild is the right word, I think we’re trying to build. We’re trying to build a foundation,” Fletcher said. “We’ve missed the playoffs three years in a row, so clearly we need to upgrade our team.”

He added: “There’s a lot we need to add. The best teams fill most of their holes through their own internal development system.”

Signing college free agents like Chay Genoway, Nate Prosser and Casey Wellman is one way to do that, but the draft is where this all starts. Fletcher traded the Wild’s second-round draft pick to the Bruins in 2009, his first year on the job, for Chuck Kobasew, but the Wild have a pick in the other rounds. Trades to accumulate more young talent, whether extra draft picks or NHL-ready players, are a possibility this weekend.

The first round of the draft takes place Friday night. The remaining rounds, two through seven, are on Saturday.

The location will also allow those Minnesota-bred prospects the opportunity to hear their name called, perhaps even by the Wild.

“So many kids play hockey here. It’ll be great for them to witness what actually happens,” said assistant general manager Brent Flahr.

There are only a couple of players considered to be first-round candidates this year, though the overall depth of draft-eligible prospects from the state this summer is as good as usual. At least one Minnesotan has been selected in the first round every year since 2002, and three went last year.

At the top of the list this year are left wing Mario Lucia, son of University of Minnesota head coach Don Lucia, and right wing Seth Ambroz, who has signed with the Gophers.

“They’re not going to have to wait too long, I don’t think,” Flahr said.

Lucia, from Wayzata High School, is expected to be the first prep star picked. He will likely play at the junior level in the United States Hockey League next season.

Ambroz left New Prague High School before his sophomore season to play at the junior level in the USHL. He led the Omaha Lancers with 24 goals last season. In an interview earlier this month from the NHL scouting combine in Toronto, Ambroz said he’s excited to be able to attend.

“Nice little 45-minute drive, so I can’t complain,” he said.

The Wild have never had an inordinate amount of natives in their system, refusing to evaluate the region differently than the rest.

“I always want to be careful saying this: We don’t go out of our way to draft kids from Minnesota, because we’d be doing a disservice to our organization and to our fans,” Fletcher said. “But there’s so many good hockey players who play in this area, that inevitably you’re going to get some kids from Minnesota. You’re going to draft some kids. You’re going to sign some kids as free agents. You’re going to trade for some kids from the area.”

NHL Power Rankings	Stadium Guides





Jeff Green thinks he was overshadowed by Durant, Westbrook

By Kurt HelinNov 23, 2011, 12:00 PM EDT	Share this:Share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)Click to email (Opens in new window)Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)	Jeff Green has never lacked for confidence.

He has lacked for defense. He has lacked consistency. He has been a guy who shows flashes of brilliance but now both in Boston and Oklahoma City the team outscores opponents faster when he is siting on the bench. They were better when he was benched.

But Green’s confidence remains unshaken. He tells the Boston Herald that he was overshadowed by some guys named Kevin Durant and Russell Westbrook in OKC but if he comes back to the Celtics next year — he’s a restricted free agent — he’s going to show you what you’ve been missing.

“Yeah, man, you know a lot of people don’t know what I can really do,” he said. “In Oklahoma, I was kind of overshadowed by Kevin (Durant) and the way Russell (Westbrook) picked up, but, excuse my language, I can really (expletive) play. I can really play this game, man.”

That belief was supported by discussions he had following the season.

“I had some good meetings with (coach) Doc (Rivers) before the lockout, and I’ve been talking to P (Paul Pierce) and Ray (Allen),” Green said. “Next year they’re really going to allow me to play, and I think that’s what I need. I need to go out there and just play. Sometimes I think too much, but I just need to go out there and play the game. I’ve got great confidence in myself, but things were a little difficult last year.”

No doubt the pressure that came with being part of the Kendrick Perkins trade made it tough on the court and in the locker room in Boston. Thing is, if you want to get mentioned with Durant and Westbrook and Pierce then you have to thrive in pressure situations. It’s not a matter of Green just playing his game, it’s him being consistent on both ends and not making mental mistakes.

Boston wants Green back at the qualifying offer ($5.9 million) and it’s hard to imagine, after this lockout where owners complained about bad contracts, anyone is going to offer him more. (And while Boston fans can get frustrated with Green, there are not better replacements in this free agent market.) He’s going to get a shot to live up to the hype. If he does he’ll get paid, if not he fades like last season.

Either way, he’ll be confident.

Tags: Boston Celtics, Jeff Green, Kendrick Perkins, Kevin Durant, Oklahoma City Thunder, Paul Pierce, Russell Westbrook





Anyone who remembers Willie Mays stumbling around the outfield in the 1973 World Series knows how cruel advancing age can be to a great athlete.Anyone who saw Randy Johnson pitch a perfect game last week at the age of 40 knows that age these days can sometimes be just another number.Just ask Tom Glavine, who followed Johnson's perfect game a few days later with a one-hit masterpiece of his own at age 38."There are days I feel 38 and days I feel 25," Glavine said. "I don't pay attention to the numeric figure next to my name."Neither do a lot of other athletes, who lately have been busting out with big games at an age where a few years ago they would have been signing autographs at charity golf tournaments.Roger Clemens is a lock for the Hall of Fame and has tried to retire once already. At age 41, though, he's as intimidating as ever, and began the year 7-0 for the Houston Astros.Look at this stat: Johnson and Clemens are 1-2 in strikeouts in the National League, a spot usually reserved for young fireballers.It's not just baseball players who are aging more gracefully.Tampa Bay captain Dave Andreychuk is in his 22nd season at the age of 40 and has played more regular-season NHL games (1,597) than any other active player. This year he helped lead the Lightning to the first championship series he has played in.Say what you will about golf, but on the PGA Tour 11 players over 40 combined to win 15 times last year, including 50-year-old Craig Stadler.Karl Malone is looking for his first NBA ring at the age of 40, and wants it so badly he didn't mind running over the other team's point guard the other night in Minnesota. This is one old man who won't back down.And Reggie Miller, at 38, hit the three-pointer that sealed the win in the first game of the Eastern Conference NBA final.So why are guys who might have been candidates for rocking chairs only a generation ago doing so well?Better diets and better conditioning, of course. Better living habits, too, for players who know that every year they stretch a career means millions of extra dollars in the bank."I've tried to condition myself, while everyone else is on cruises," Malone said.Clemens is also famous for his grueling workouts. And Johnson, who will be paid $32 million this year and next, follows a strict, strenuous offseason conditioning program.Contrast that to Mickey Mantle, whose injuries and years of carousing turned him into a shell of himself by the time he was 33. He finally retired at age 37, after batting .237 in his final season with the Yankees.Mays played until he was 42, but to those who knew him in his prime his final years were painful to watch."It isn't the guy who just shows up on game day and does his job anymore," fitness guru Mackie Shilstone said. "That's the flash in the pan, the guy who does a great job and you never hear from him again. There's enough money on the table today so the smart athlete realizes this."Shilstone has built a career on helping older athletes get their bodies right so they can keep playing. He helped Hall of Fame shortstop Ozzie Smith play until age 41 and coordinates the physical fitness program for NFL kicker Morten Andersen, who has 22 years in the league."They know how to play the game, but they feel their health is paramount to the biggest game they play, which is the game of life," Shilstone said.Not everyone, though, can find the elusive fountain of youth.Andre Agassi looked a lot like what he was Monday - the oldest man in the French Open - when he was soundly beaten by a career minor leaguer who had never played in a regular tennis tour event.And over the weekend in Mexico City, two 40-something boxers, Julio Cesar Chavez and Frankie Randall, struggled to stay upright for 10 rounds in what was touted as Chavez' farewell match.Those who still have it are not too eager to talk about how they keep it. They can bristle when asked their age. They can also be grumpy old men and great player, too.





Nevada's Nady to Play in College All-Star Game

Posted: Thu 10:47 PM, Jan 03, 2013

WASHINGTON, D.C. – The NFL Players Association is proud to announce that JEFF NADY of Nevada has committed to playing in the 2013 NFLPA Collegiate Bowl. Nady, of Minden, Nev., is a strong offensive tackle who was given All-Mountain West First Team honors by both coaches and media. His 2011 performance earned him All-Western Athletic Conference honors and set him up to be named to the 2012 Preseason All-Mountain West team as well.

Nady joins a growing list of impressive draft-eligible seniors competing in the all-star game on January 19 at The Home Depot Center on the campus of California State University Dominguez Hills in Carson, Calif. The game will air live on ESPN2.





Sign up for BUCS POSTGAME REPORT Get the quickest, smartest news, analysis and photos from the Bucs game emailed to you shortly after the final whistle. (View our Privacy Policy) Tampa Bay Rays reliever Joe Nelson has fond memories of Oakland Coliseum

MARC TOPKINTampa Bay TimesFriday, April 24, 2009 11:30pm

The Rays’ Joe Nelson has many fond memories of Oakland Coliseum.

OAKLAND, Calif. — To most players, Oakland Coliseum is among the worst in the majors. Related News/Archive

Rays get reliever Kevin Jepsen back

Tampa Bay Rays unveil website to solicit ideas for stadium to be named later

Most influential women in Tampa Bay sports: Melanie Lenz, Tampa Bay Rays

To Rays reliever Joe Nelson, it couldn't be more special. Nelson grew up and went to high school in Alameda, minutes from the stadium that houses the A's and Raiders and the adjacent arena where the NBA Golden State Warriors play, and was frequently in the stands. "I love it," Nelson said. "Most of my dreams regarding baseball and football I envisioned happening in this stadium. And finally some of them are coming true." Nelson, 34, figured he attended 500 games at the Coliseum before getting to pitch there in May 2006. He said he walked in that day from the train station and first sat in his stepfather's season-ticket seats in Section 135, the fifth row behind third base, before going into the clubhouse, making the journey complete. "I watched Nolan Ryan throw a no-hitter from those seats," he said. "This is a special place for me, and it's a special place for me to play." Nelson had family and friends in the stands, buying and leaving 30 tickets for each of the three games. Friday night, Nelson pitched two-thirds of an inning, giving up two runs on two hits and a walk. Tampa Bay Rays reliever Joe Nelson has fond memories of Oakland Coliseum 04/24/09

[Last modified: Saturday, April 25, 2009 6:29am]





LT: Mornings

Big Drew: Mid-Days

Bside: Afternoon Drive

Nikki Sixx: 7p - midnight

Brew Tour

The Brew Ha-Ha

Advertise on the Brew

The Brew Crue

Join the Brew Crue!

Get the Brew on iHeart Radio

on 101-3 The Brew

The Brew Rocks Grand Rapids

Now Playing on 101-3 The Brew

Donald Sterling Apologizes, Talks Magic Johnson In Preview Of...

Donald Sterling apologizes, talks Magic Johnson in preview of CNN interview

Posted May 12th, 2014 @ 9:52am by Eric Freeman

For the past several weeks, Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling has been at the center of several NBA stories regarding racist comments captured on tape, his subsequent banishment from the league and other owners' early moves towards removing him from ownership. On Sunday night, the public heard some of Sterling's first interview on the situation. His comments are not likely to change many opinions.

In a preview of an interview set to air on "Anderson Cooper 360" on Monday night, Sterling spoke about the comments recorded by V. Stiviano, his future in the NBA, and several other topics related to the controversy. From CNN.com:

"When I listen to that tape, I don't even know how I can say words like that. ... I don't know why the girl had me say those things," he told CNN's Anderson Cooper in an exclusive interview set to air on Monday.

"You're saying you were set up?" Cooper asked.

"Well yes, I was baited," Sterling said. "I mean, that's not the way I talk. I don't talk about people for one thing, ever. I talk about ideas and other things. I don't talk about people."

When not attempting to explain that he was taken out of context, Sterling apologized and asked for forgiveness:

"I'm not a racist," Sterling told Cooper. "I made a terrible, terrible mistake. And I'm here with you today to apologize and to ask for forgiveness for all the people that I've hurt."

Asked by Cooper why he took so long to say he's sorry, Sterling said he was "emotionally distraught."

"The reason it's hard for me, very hard for me, is that I'm wrong. I caused the problem. I don't know how to correct it," he said. [...]

"I'm a good member who made a mistake and I'm apologizing and I'm asking for forgiveness," he said. "Am I entitled to one mistake, am I after 35 years? I mean, I love my league, I love my partners. Am I entitled to one mistake? It's a terrible mistake, and I'll never do it again."

Sterling also took the time to insult the charitable efforts of NBA legend Magic Johnson, mentioned in the offending recordings as someone who should not be seen in public with Stiviano:

Sterling told CNN he's spoken twice with Johnson. "Did you apologize to him?" Cooper asked.

"If I said anything wrong, I'm sorry," Sterling said. "He's a good person. I mean, what am I going to say? Has he done everything he can do to help minorities? I don't think so. But I'll say it, he's great. But I don't think he's a good example for the children of Los Angeles."

The full interview will air on Monday's episode of "Anderson Cooper 360" at 8 p.m. ET on CNN.

If this preview is any indication, then this interview will be very bizarre. For one thing, Sterling's apology, insofar as it exists at all, appears to apologize less for the substance of his statements than the fact that people were offended by them. In claiming that he was baited, Sterling seems to be saying he was taken out of context. While it's hard to know how additional context would make his comments permissible, this tactic is a standard method of shirking responsibility for controversial statements.

On top of all that, Sterling attempts to paint this controversy as an isolated incident rather than the latest event in a long history of marks against the owner. Sterling has paid out a record settlement in a housing discrimination lawsuit, been accused of fostering a "plantation mentality" by longtime general manager Elgin Baylor, and generally been seen as a problematic part of the NBA for years. As Adrian Wojnarowski reported at the beginning of this most recent ordeal, the NBA believed that Sterling would die before they had to deal with him directly. This incident is only his first mistake if we define the term as "doing something that compels the NBA to try to kick him out." (Of course, Sterling is a lawyer by training, and in a legal sense he may be right.)

Yet these comments at least allow us to see Sterling as sticking up for himself and trying to save his ownership stake. In a more general sense, his statements make little sense. What does it mean to talk only about ideas and not people? And what could compel a man currently under fire for racist comments to say that Magic Johnson does not help minorities to his liking and should not serve as a role model for the children of Los Angeles? Even if these opinions could be proven or argued effectively, why would anyone think it a reasonable thing to say in these circumstances? Sterling wants forgiveness, but these comments suggest his contrition is lacking. It would be immensely shocking to see Sterling get the reprieve he wants. Like his estranged wife Rochelle, he will probably need to take the NBA to court to maintain control of the Clippers.





SportFootballInternational 2014 World Cup: The rocky road to Rio

Anger over the state of Brazil’s new stadiums is not confined to the Maracana, which England test on Sunday Sam Wallace

@SamWallaceIndy

Friday 31 May 2013 23:00 BST

2014 World Cup: The rocky road to Rio

The Maracana roof is finished, but outside the stadium is still a building site

The Maracana stadium before a visit of the FIFA Secretary General Jerome Valcke, in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil (Getty Images)

Houses are reflected on a facade of the Mario Filho 'Maracana' stadium in Rio de Janeiro (Getty Images)

Image showing the design for Brasilia stadium (Estadio Nacional) (Getty Images)

General view of the Itapava Fonte Nova Arena in Salvador, Brazil (Getty Images)

The Magalahes Pinto 'Mineirao' stadium during training of the Brazilian team, in Belo Horizonte, Minas Gerais, Brazil (Getty Images)

Arena Pernambuco stadium during its official opening, in Recife, state of Pernambuco, Brazil (Getty Images)

Castelao stadium during its construction, in Fortaleza, in the Brazilian state of Ceara (Getty Images)

General view during the official opening of the Arena Pernambuco stadium, in Recife, state of Pernambuco, Brazil (Getty Images)

The Maracana roof is finished, but outside the stadium is still a building site The game between Brazil and England at the newly rebuilt Maracana stadium in Rio de Janeiro tomorrow night is the first big test event for the showpiece stadium that will host the World Cup final on 13 July next year. It is a moment when the eyes of the world, especially those at Fifa will be on the country to assess their readiness for that tournament, and more pressing, the Confederations Cup later this month.It should also be pointed out that on a more micro level, but no less important if you are attending the match, this is the first time in the history of Brazilian football that spectators will be expected to sit in their allocated seats. That alone could be chaos.The decision by a judge in Rio on Thursday not to grant the stadium a safety certificate for tomorrow’s game, since reversed, was a sharp reminder that Brazil is still a long way behind schedule when it comes to its World Cup infrastructure. According to the Globo newspaper, the new Maracana cost 1.2bn Brazilian reals (£370m) and is 48.8 per cent over budget. When it hosted its first event, an exhibition game in April, there were so many problems that staff were reportedly told to prevent journalists taking pictures of flooding and unfinished work.For that game, the attendance was restricted to just 30,000, but tomorrow the ground is expected to be close to its new 78,838 capacity, albeit a major reduction on the 200,000 the old stadium once held. The Maracana is one of 12 venues, which range from Manaus in the Amazon, to Cuiaba, Brasilia and Belo Horizonte in the interior of the country and eight along the coast, all the way down to Porto Alegre in the far south – but it remains the flagship.The headline on the front of the city’s Metro newspaper yesterday morning, accompanying a picture of the stadium surrounded by building materials, was “Inacabado” – “Unfinished”. There were still around 1,000 workers busy at the site yesterday morning and piles of rolled turf were dotted around the area, although they were intended for landscaping rather than for the pitch itself, about which there are fewer concerns.The former Brazil international, and 1994 World Cup winner, Bebeto was part of that exhibition game at the Maracana in April. At a Football Association event yesterday he described the confusion over the game going ahead as “embarrassing”. Now an elected representative in the Rio state government, Bebeto said that the uncertainty was “damaging”.The Maracana was due to be handed over officially to Fifa on 31 December last year but that was only done on 24 May and, as of yesterday, there was still extensive work being carried out. There remains public dissatisfaction and the potential for a legal challenge over the decision to hand the stadium’s operation to a consortium of AEG, which owns Los Angeles Galaxy, Eike Batista, the richest man in Brazil, and Odebrecht, Brazil’s biggest construction company.Not every 2014 World Cup stadium has stumbled towards the ever-more generous deadlines set by Fifa in the build-up to the World Cup finals. The Castelão in Fortaleza, with a 63,900 capacity, opened in January and has hosted more than 20 test events already. Along with the Belo Horizonte stadium, home of the club Cruzeiro, the Fortaleza stadium was built in time for Fifa’s original 31 December handover deadline. But these two have been the exception.The 56,500-capacity Fonte Nova stadium in Salvador, in the north-east, suffered an embarrassment last week when heavy rain caused a build-up of water that contributed to a partial collapse of the roof. The biggest concern of all is the 65,800 Itaquero stadium in Sao Paulo, home to Corinthians, which is more than a year behind schedule, with an estimated completion date on February next year. On Fifa’s insistence, that has now been revised to this December.The investment has been extraordinary. A recent report by The Economist put the cost of overhauling five of the 12 venues, and refurbishing the other seven, at 7bn Brazilian reals (£2.18bn) which is three times more than South Africa spent on the 2010 World Cup finals – a tournament which had two fewer stadiums. The major criticism has been that public money has gone into the project rather than private, as was first promised.The Maracana is in the northern part of Rio, away from the tourist areas along the coastline in the south, and the arrival of more than 1,000 England fans for tomorrow’s game will test the local police force’s ability to make sure that visitors do not add to the city’s crime statistics. Inside the stadium there is no segregation for supporters of rival teams, although that is not considered a problem.Reports yesterday in the Brazilian media said that there would be 350 military police officers in the stadium and a further 650 police working outside. More than 1,100 volunteers have been recruited to help out for the game. The consensus is that inside the stadium it will be fine; outside will still be a mess come tomorrow evening,As for the Brazilian people, there is a much more relaxed attitude towards the prospect of the country being ready for next summer. Wednesday was a public holiday and despite the storm that blew up around whether the stadium would get its safety certificate, the impression was that work had ceased for the day regardless of the fact that there was a major international friendly in four days’ time.The phrase du jour in Brazil is “imagina a copa”, rolled out every time there is a problem with transport or organisation. In short, it means “imagine how much worse it would be if this happened during the World Cup finals” with the world watching and the country full of foreign football fans. The Brazilians have faith that it will be all right on the night, especially on the occasions when their team is playing and the country is transformed. In response to the pessimism, the Brahma beer company has coined the slogan, “Imagina a festa” – “Imagine the party”.The Brazilians are often described as suffering from the “Complexo de Vira-lata”, coined by the writer Nelson Rodrigues, an inferiority complex that they cannot compete with bigger, more developed nations despite having the sixth-largest economy in the world. Like in South Africa, the Fifa deadlines have been hard for them to meet, but also like South Africa the expectation is that they will do so in their own time.The country’s infrastructure is still inferior to that of the developing world despite major investment in recent years. The Brazilian government has spent 3bn Brazilian reals (£930m) on the country’s airports ahead of the World Cup finals and the Olympics in Rio de Janeiro in 2016. Despite that, not one of them figured in a recent consultancy report listing the 100 best airports in the world.There are concerns in the long term with issues of legacy, as is already proving the case in South Africa, who did not even use their showpiece stadium in Cape Town for the African Cup of Nations tournament this year. The three venues at most risk of assuming white-elephant status are those new-built stadiums in Brasília, Manaus and Cuibá which do not have tenant teams.In spite of all that, the country says it is ready for next summer and that everything will fall into place in time. Ticket sales for the Confederations Cup have been extremely successful. Tomorrow night will be the first big dress rehearsal for next summer.Grounds for concern: 2014 stadia* The Maracana is not the only stadium facing safety concerns ahead of the World Cup. The Arena Fonte Nova in Salvador suffered a partial roof collapse last month.* A further four stadiums are yet to be completed: Arena de Sao Paulo, the Arena Pantanal in Cuiaba, the Arena Pernambuco and Natal’s Estadio Das Dunas.* The Arena de Sao Paulo is undergoing the most expensive renovation, at £250m, while the Arena da Baixada in Parana is the oldest stadium, originally built in 1915. Reuse content





Yankees: Grandy's replacement likely in-house

By Bryan Hoch / MLB.com

SARASOTA, Fla. -- On the first full day that the Yankees pondered their Opening Day outfield without Curtis Granderson, you couldn't say that non-roster hopefuls Matt Diaz and Juan Rivera did much to bolster their chances of making the roster.

The good news for both players, who turned in hitless performances in the Yanks' 5-1 loss to the Orioles at Ed Smith Stadium, is that manager Joe Girardi sees no rush to decide who his new left fielder will be.

Thanks everyone for all your prayers and wishes.Just a small bump in the road.I'll be back soon and ready to go!

&mdash; Curtis Granderson (@cgrand14) February 26, 2013

"It could very well take until the end of camp," said Girardi, who joked the Yankees might not have named a left fielder by their March 30 exhibition against Army. "There are a lot of factors that go into it."

Granderson is expected to miss 10 weeks with a fractured right forearm, but only half of that should elapse during the regular season. In the meantime, Granderson's misfortune will create opportunities for others in camp.

"If they choose to give me that job, of course I'd love it," Diaz said. "I'd love the opportunity, but there's 43 home runs we need back soon. That's my first thought. My son and I prayed for Grandy last night. We need him back."

Girardi and general manager Brian Cashman said that they are not looking for long-term solutions, which means the Yankees are likely to sidestep any temptation of dealing for pricey veterans like the Cubs' Alfonso Soriano or the Angels' Vernon Wells.

The Yankees also do not seem to be in a hurry to add any more names to the mix in camp, though that didn't stop free agent Johnny Damon from offering his services in a radio interview on Monday.

"We will focus on what we have at this time," Cashman responded.

Diaz and Rivera had been competing for spots as non-roster invitees even before Granderson's injury, as the Yankees had been seeking a right-handed bat for their lefty-heavy outfield.

"We've got some good depth," said Brett Gardner, who will shift to center field with Granderson sidelined. "We've got veterans that have been there, done that before. We'll be fine. We've got a good pitching staff, and we'll play good defense, and he'll come back in May and probably still hit 40 [homers]."

Rivera, 34, said he is without a guaranteed roster spot for the first time since he was a Yankees farmhand. Dealt by New York to the Expos in the December 2003 Javier Vazquez trade, Rivera hit .244 with nine homers and 47 RBIs in 109 games for the Dodgers last season.

"I don't [feel] any pressure right now," Rivera said. "I know what I can do. I'll try to do my job and make the team."

Diaz, 34, said that he is completely healthy after having a pair of troublesome palm frond splinters removed from his right thumb over the winter. He was limited to 51 games with the Braves last year, batting .222 with two homers and 13 RBIs, and grew up as a fan of Matt Nokes and the Yankees in Lakeland, Fla.

"One of the reasons they bring guys like me into a camp like this is to add depth, with the understanding that over the course of a long spring -- especially this spring -- and a long season, you're going to need depth," Diaz said.

Though there are no blockbuster top prospects knocking on the door, the Yankees do have some in-house outfield options from their farm system.

Switch-hitter Zoilo Almonte, 23, opened eyes in the club's first exhibition game with an opposite-field homer and an outfield assist, and Cashman said the Yankees view Almonte -- who played last year at Double-A Trenton -- as a future corner outfielder.

"We have future everyday right fielder scouting grades on him," Cashman said. "I think you're going to see a lot of young kids open some eyes this spring."

The Yankees are also high on outfielder Melky Mesa, whom Girardi said is the best defensive option in camp to take over left field. The 26-year-old briefly saw time with the Yankees in September and hit 23 home runs between Double-A and Triple-A, batting a combined .264 in 121 games.

"If they need me at some point, I'm going to be here," Mesa said. "I just try to work hard. I can't control the results, I'll just be here."

It is possible that the Yankees could find a way to carry Mesa in addition to a player like Diaz or Rivera, using Mesa as a defensive replacement or pinch-runner later in games.

Additionally, the Yankees have a relatively unknown option in camp. Cuban defector Ronnier Mustelier, a 28-year-old, has shown a potent bat in the Minors. Girardi noted that the outfield is a newer position for him after moving from the infield.

"He's a guy that's going to get a look, no doubt about it," Girardi said.

When he spoke to his catchers last week, Girardi said that offense was secondary to defense behind the plate. Now that the Yankees are missing Granderson, however, Girardi would prefer to have someone in left field who can contribute on both sides of the ball.

"I want someone who can do everything," Girardi said. "Is that too much to ask? I don't know. That's what you want, someone who's going to be productive for you and play some good defense. We'll just have to see how that shakes out."

Bryan Hoch is a reporter for MLB.com. Follow him on Twitter @bryanhoch and read his MLBlog, Bombers Beat. This story was not subject to the approval of Major League Baseball or its clubs.





Read About The Chants' 2015 Cuban Foreign Tour

Donate to Coastal Men's Basketball

Gray Named Mid-Major All-America Honorable Mention

CONWAY, S.C. – Coastal Carolina senior forward Chad Gray was tabbed a CollegeHoops.net Honorable Mention All-America the publication announced Tuesday. Gray finished the season ranked eighth in the Big South in scoring with 14.6 points per game and turned in nine games with at least 20 points. He also ended the season ninth in the conference with 6.3 rebounds per game and was one of only three players in the conference to rank in the top 10 in both scoring and rebounding. Gray also proved to be one of the top defenders in the Big South, ranking seventh in the league with 1.2 blocked shots per game. He recorded 42 rejections this season and now sits in sixth place all-time at Coastal Carolina on the single-season blocked shots list. At the end of the regular season, Gray earned a spot on the All-Big South first team for the second straight year and was later named to the Big South All-Tournament Team after averaging 20.3 points and 6.3 rebounds per game during the tournament. The Kingstree, S.C., native also played an instrumental role in helping Coastal Carolina turn in one of the greatest seasons in school history. The Chanticleers finished the season with a 28-6 overall record and tied the school record for the most wins in school history. Coastal also became the first team in school history to win at least 25 games in back-to-back seasons and now owns the conference record for the most wins in consecutive seasons with 56.Coastal Carolina was also 16-2 inside the Big South Conference and set a league record for the most wins in a single season. The Chanticleers were a perfect 9-0 on the road in conference this season and became just the second team in league history to accomplish that feat. In addition, the Chants are also the first team in conference history to win five Big South road games by at least 20 points. Coastal won by 22 at VMI (Jan. 6), 21 at UNC Asheville (Jan. 20), 24 at High Point (Jan. 27), 23 at Radford (Jan. 29) and 20 at Presbyterian (Feb. 10).The Chanticleers won the Big South regular season title for the second straight year and became the first Coastal team to win back-to-back conference championships since the 1990 and 1991 seasons. Coastal Carolina reached the postseason for the second straight year and faced No. 1 seed Alabama in the NIT first round earlier this month. Gray and the Coastal Carolina men’s basketball team will host its annual postseason banquet Monday, April 11 at 6:30 p.m. at the Adkins Field House. The banquet will feature dinner followed by a celebratory program that will highlight the 2010-11 season. Tickets are $20 and the event is open to the public. Fans are encouraged to fill out the attached invitation to secure your ticket to the event. Invitations can be dropped off at the men’s basketball office inside Kimbel Arena or mailed to Sean Stout at P.O. Box 261954, Conway, SC, 29526. CCU Men's Basketball Home

@CoastalMBB

Sun Belt Conference Announces 2016-17 Men's and Women's Basketball Conference Schedules

Ellis Finalizes 2016 Class With Butts and Robertson

Ellis Adds Beck and Labinowicz To 2016 Class

Chanticleers' Season Ends In CIT Semifinal

Men's Basketball Awards Banquet Registration Open

Chanticleers Host UC Irvine In CIT Semifinal Sunday

Elijah Wilson Lifts Chants into CIT Final Four

Chanticleers Host Grand Canyon in CIT Quarterfinal

Chanticleers Draw Grand Canyon for CIT Quarterfinal

Chanticleers Down UNH 71-62 to Advance in CIT

Chanticleers to Play New Hampshire in CIT Second Round

Chanticleers Capture First Postseason Victory

Chants Open Postseason Play Tuesday

Chanticleers Draw Mercer for CIT First Round





Former Wando teammates, coach still winning together

Former Wando standouts John Swinton and Eric Wagenlander earned a SoCon tournament championship and NCAA tournament bid with Wofford this season.

Wagenlander and Swinton celebrate their win.

David Eaton led Wando to its first boys basketball state title earlier this month. The Wofford men's basketball players turned their phones off early the morning of the Southern Conference championship game as they began to mentally prepare.

Later that night, they turned them on as SoCon tournament champions. Hundreds of text messages, voicemails and alerts flooded the players' inboxes. Freshman Eric Wagenlander and junior John Swinton scrolled through their endless lists until one in particular caught both their attention.Wando head coach David Eaton knows the feeling. Just three days earlier, Eaton led Wando to its first boys basketball state championship. The congratulatory messages rolled in by the hundreds, including a couple from Wagenlander and Swinton.The two former Wando standouts followed every game of their high school alma mater's march toward a state title earlier this month. After Eaton won his championship, the former Wofford guard focused his attention on his two former Warriors, Wagenlander and Swinton, as they captured their SoCon tournament championship and an NCAA tournament berth.“Coach Eaton's text stood right out to me,” Wagenlander said. “Typical Coach Eaton fashion, saying how proud and happy he was for us. It really means a lot.”“It really is a special bond,” Eaton said. “Those guys still care and support their high school and I try to check on them to see how they're doing. The past week has been one of those times in life when everything is going right. It doesn't happen too often so you can't take it for granted.”Wagenlander and Swinton helped Eaton find success early in his career. Wagenlander averaged seven points, five rebounds and four assists per game his senior season and won region titles in 2011 and 2012. Swinton was a four-year starter and averaged 12 points, six assists as a senior on the 2011 region championship team.Swinton and Wagenlander met in middle school and were close friends by the time they joined Eaton's team. While battling injuries in high school, Wagenlander drew some of his strongest support from Swinton and Eaton. When it was time for Swinton to choose a college, Eaton sent a recommendation to his former coach, Wofford head coach Mike Young. Two years later, he did the same for Wagenlander.“When I got the prospect reports from David, that's all I needed to know,” Young said. “I knew I could take that to the bank. They were well coached coming in. They understood what good defense looks like. They understood how you've got to play, how you've got to prepare and compete. More than anything, it's the intangibles the both of them already had coming into college.”Young says having two college teammates from the same high school is rare, but with players like Wagenlander and Swinton it's easy. The two remain as close as ever, pushing each other in the classroom and on the court with the same focus that Eaton instilled in them early on.“We have a really great friendship. We can joke around but still stay on top of each other and we're quick to make sure we're both doing our jobs,” Swinton said. “Coach Eaton had a big impact on both of our lives. I don't think we'd be doing what we're doing without him.”Swinton plays a key defensive role off the bench for this season's Terriers team. Young describes him as one of the best defenders on the team and says if there's a late-game situation in the NCAA tournament and the Terriers need a stop, Swinton will be in.Wagenlander's contributions come in practice and from the sidelines. He helps prepare the starting guards and provides a spark of energy and enthusiasm for the Terriers throughout the game. Young says he has progressed as well as any freshman and that his character, toughness and shooting give him a strong opportunity to see an increase in minutes.Both players credit Eaton, assistant Chris Warzynski and Wando for much of their success on and off the court.“I don't think I'd be where I am today without them,” Wagenladner said. “They did everything in their power to prepare me for this. They're my basketball coaches, but at the same time they've taught me life lessons that made me who I am.”Eaton's season is over, but he still can't relax with Wofford now in the NCAA tournament. When the No. 15 seeded Terriers face No. 2 Michigan Thursday, he says there will be a different sense of pride watching his former players and team in the tournament. The same sense of pride Wagenladner and Swinton say they felt watching Wando win state.“At first I was a little jealous to see them win a championship because I never got one,” Swinton joked. “But then proud at the same time. You feel like you had something to do with starting it. It just motivated me that much more.”Eaton never got a chance to play in the NCAA tournament. Wagenlander and Swinton never got a chance to play for a state title. The three started winning together years ago and still continue to succeed together today. Ask any of the them, a win for one is a win for the others and together they're still accomplishing their goals.“It's been kind of a surreal experience,” Wagenlander said. “It feels like it's coming full circle for all of us. It's funny how it worked out at the same time. We can all laugh together because we all have championship rings now.”Frankie Mansfield, the sports reporter for the Moultrie News can be seen all around the state following teams to meets, games, and matches. For score updates, breaking sports news, and more follow @fjmansfield on Twitter	Latest Videos





Print Email Font ResizeSportsGrassroots effort beginning to bring students back to Folsom FieldPauly hopes to emulate C-Unit environment at football gamesBy Kyle RingoBuffZone.com WriterPosted:

CU students cheer on the Buffs before a football game at Folsom Field against Hawaii in 2010. In recent years, student support for the football program has dwindled as the team has produced lackluster results. The athletic department, football team and some students are hoping to reverse those trends this fall. (JEREMY PAPASSO / Daily Camera)

It's been nearly a decade since the Colorado football program produced a winning season. As a result, ticket sales have fallen throughout the stadium in recent years and student attendance has dropped dramatically, too.

The Buffs attracted an average of 38,296 fans last season, the first time since 1988 the program failed to average at least 45,000. There are plenty of entertainment options in Boulder and the surrounding area for fans and students on fall Saturdays, especially when the snow begins to fly in the mountains and ski areas open. More and more CU students, just like other fans, have opted out of watching the Buffs lose in recent years in favor of those other activities. A CU student leads his peers in a cheer before the second half of a men's basketball game against UCLA at the Coors Events Center in January. (Cliff Grassmick / Daily Camera)

Coach Mike MacIntyre and his players are hoping to start to win the students and other fans back this fall as they pursue the program's first bowl bid since 2007 and the first winning season since 2005. It won't be easy in the Pac-12 Conference, generally considered one of the two best in the country heading into the season. A full student section can transform the atmosphere of a stadium and spark the players on the field. "It helps tremendously to have support from students," MacIntyre said. "We talk to them all the time. Like I've always said, if we keep getting better on the field it will start filling more and more up. Advertisement

"So I can't control any of that, neither can our players. What we can control is how hard we play on the field and start having more better results and more often. I think that will help everything. I feel like the students are behind us. The more we have big games, the more excited they will get."

CU routinely sold more than 10,000 student season tickets throughout most of the 1990s and 2000s and often sold out or came close to selling out the 12,500 allotment for students. But in three of the past four years, CU has failed to sell 10,000 student season tickets and last year it sold just 8,362 — the fewest in 27 years.

CU is not alone in falling attendance among students at college football games. Mlive.com reported earlier this year that Michigan was expecting as many as 5,000 fewer student tickets sold this season. Many other nationally prominent programs also have experienced decreased attendance from students, who often become the future donors to programs once they're alums. The Buffs have plenty of help from athletic director Rick George and his team who are trying to convince former season-ticket holders, new customers and current students to be a part of the turnaround. "There is nothing out there that is the lightning idea that is going to bring the students in," George said this summer. "We've just got to really engage the students more. We met with the tri execs over the summer to try to work with them on creative ways that we can get students into the game, on time and keep them here.

"That's a challenge and it's a challenge across the country, but it's something we'll continue to work on and continue to meet with different student groups to try to encourage our students because, let's face it, our students create a great atmosphere in our gym and we need to create that same atmosphere at Folsom Field."

They didn't have to sell Jake Pauly, a CU sophomore from Highlands Ranch, who is working with the athletic department and student groups on campus to form an organized student section for football similar to the C-Unit in basketball. Pauly also has started the National Collegiate Student Section Association, which will have its first conference at the University of Nebraska in June. "I'm a big believer in a lot of people at the games changes the total atmosphere of the games, especially basketball games when it's that close environment," Pauly said. "The more students there makes the players play better."

Pauly said he was heavily involved with the student section at Highlands Ranch High School and began to dress up in costume to attend CU basketball games last year as a freshman member of the C-Unit. He comes to games as Batman, along with dozens of his fellow students who come in costumes of their own. But it's easy for CU students to get excited about supporting Tad Boyle and his players at the Coors Events Center these days. The Buffs are expected to get to a fourth consecutive NCAA Tournament in the 2014-15 season and games at the Coors Events Center on winter nights and weekends have become must-attend events, because of the winning culture and the fun atmosphere created by the students. Pauly sees a day coming in the near future when Folsom Field can be a similar attraction once again, but he believes fans and students must play a part in making it happen as opposed to waiting for it to happen. "That's the big thing, the team hasn't been up to par," Pauly said explaining recent student apathy. "I think one of the big things I'm struggling with, especially at CU, is getting fans to games on time. The stands would be empty in the first quarter and then midway through the second quarter it was packed cause people are still tailgating. So I feel like a big problem is people feel like there is no reason to be there at the beginning. They check to see how CU is doing and if they're getting blown out, they will leave. That's how the culture is right now."

Pauly said he doesn't yet know what the student section for football will be called. He is attempting to spread the word about the new student section through email and social media and help from the C-Unit. He said he recently sent a mass email to students who have purchased tickets encouraging them to volunteer to serve on the student section's executive board and work to grow its ranks. He said he wants his fellow students to vote on a name in the coming weeks. Nearly 10 years ago, three CU students who shared a mutual love for college basketball got together with a plan to form the C-Unit. In those years under former coach Ricardo Patton, the Coors Events Center was usually half empty or worse for most non-conference games, and generally only filled up in conference play when teams like Kansas or Texas came to town. Student support was just as half-hearted and Dennis Collins, Jason Weiss and Aaron Sapiro wanted to change the culture. They spent the rest of their time in Boulder setting the groundwork for what the C-Unit has become today while working toward their degrees. Collins, who is now an attorney in Dallas, said Pauly and others who join him must persevere through the tough times as MacIntyre continues to build the program. He said some of the challenges of building a student section are keeping it grassroots oriented and student driven and avoiding the perception that it is affiliated with the athletic department. "I think it's great that there are people out there that have the initiative to do that and want to take it on their own shoulders because nothing really happens unless you get sort of student-driven support," Collins said. "The athletic department can only do so much hand holding and support from their end. It takes kids like Jake to get the ball rolling."

Contact BuffZone.com Writer Kyle Ringo at ringok@dailycamera.com or on Twitter: @kyleringo.Print Email Font ResizeReturn to Top RELATED





Dr. Wood Selig - Sports Club Man of the Year in Sports

Selig Honored By The Norfolk Sports Club As The Man of The Year

NORFOLK, VA-- ODU Director of Athletics Dr. Wood Selig was awarded the Tom Fergusson Memorial Award as the Man of the Year in Sports at the Norfolk Sports Club Jamboree Monday night.

The Tom Fergusson Memorial Award to the Man of the Year in Sports, was named after the Norfolk Sports Club’s second President, and first presented in 1943. The award was named for Mr. Fergusson due to his tremendous efforts in growing the Norfolk Sports Club, by obtaining outstanding sports figures from military bases as speakers.

Now in his fourth year, Selig has transformed the future for Monarch athletics, spearheading the University’s move to Conference USA this year and the transition of the football program to the FBS level. Selig hit the ground running in 2010, implementing a new strategic plan for the department, upgrading athletic facilities, and directing fundraising projects for a new basketball practice facility and an indoor hitting center for baseball (set for completion in 2013-14). Under his leadership, the 2012-13 athletic year was another brilliant year competitively for ODU teams and student-athletes, defining the department’s theme of “Championship Effort” on the fields of competition and in the classroom:

- ODU Athletics finished the 2012-13 year ranked 101 (out of 346 NCAA Division I programs) in the Learfield Cup Division I Standings, ahead of all CAA teams and 2nd among returning members of Conference USA

- Women’s golf was honored by the NCAA for their perfect APR score 1000 (and for the 2nd year recognized in the top 10% academically in the country) and 3 teams earned 990 or higher (field hockey, women’s soccer, women’s lacrosse)

- Over half of ODU’s 450 student-athletes earned a 3.0 or better during the 2012 fall semester and 5% of all ODU student-athletes earned a perfect 4.0 in the spring of 2013

Selig’s personal approach with donors and fans has also reaped big benefits for the athletic program. In 2012-13, the Old Dominion Athletic Foundation achieved another record setting year with donations and its membership:

- over $4 million raised in donations to the Annual Fund

- ODAF membership exceeded its goal of 3,000 total members - closing in on the $8 million fundraising goal for a new men’s and women’s basketball practice facility, with plans to break ground upon the completion of fundraising

- nearly $4 million has been raised towards its $5 million goal to transition to FBS Football and Conference USA, without raising student fees, in order to finance Old Dominion’s bold and ambitious move

“We have lofty goals and expectations within ODU Athletics,” says Selig. “We want to position our teams regularly to finish in the top quartile within their league race, knowing if they have such regular season success, national prominence and post season competition will follow. We are aggressively pursuing 10% annual growth for our primary income sources - ticket sales, corporate sponsorship, and private giving. We need to continue to expand our footprint of support for our program in order to accomplish these ambitious revenue goals.” “Additionally, we will continue to strive for academic excellence and a quality intercollegiate athletic experience for all ODU student-athletes while serving as a source of pride for alumni, friends, faculty, staff, and students of ODU.”

A native of Norfolk and graduate of Norfolk Collegiate, Selig spent 11 years directing the Western Kentucky University Hilltopper program, which won 70 Sun Belt Conference championships since from 2000-2010 and a national- record 19 crowns during the 2008-10 seasons. He was a key figure in guiding the WKU football program’s move from NCAA Division I-AA to I-A in 2007, and he spearheaded more than $100 million in new construction and renovations of Hilltopper facilities. The Hilltoppers also won more individual Sun Belt academic honors than any other league school from 2005-2010. Selig earned a bachelor’s degree in psychology from Washington and Lee University, a master’s in sports administration from Ohio University and a doctorate in educational leadership from the University of Virginia with a minor in business from Darden.





Around the NFL Mewelde Moore signs with Indianapolis Colts

Print	By Brian McIntyre

By Brian McIntyre

Indianapolis Colts owner Jim Irsay announced a minor roster move on Tuesday, reporting that the team had signed veteran running back Mewelde Moore and placed rookie quarterback David Legree on waivers. The terms of Moore's signing were not disclosed. The 29-year-old Moore was a 2004 fourth-round pick out of Tulane by the Minnesota Vikings. In 113 career games, the 5-foot-11, 210-pound Moore has rushed for 2,247 yards and six touchdowns with 214 receptions for 1,875 yards and seven touchdowns as a receiver out of the backfield. Moore has primarily worked as a third-down back over the last six seasons, including the four with the Pittsburgh Steelers, where he played for Colts offensive coordinator Bruce Arians. In four seasons in Arians' offense, Moore ran for 962 yards with five touchdowns and caught 98 passes for 782 yards and four touchdowns. Donald Brown and Delone Carter are expected to be the top two backs on the Colts, so Moore will provide some veteran leadership as the team installs Arians' offense as he competes with 2012 fifth-round pick Vick Ballard, Darren Evans and Deji Karim for the No. 3 running back role this summer. Print	Previous Article